-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LCjRv61RZkZaHtgXulHxQsHBbfMw/2Wa0WM4RRjsTvWxj+XPXmfe4OZpnR4oLYr/
 G+iz2av2C1M8hLyST7V5Uw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950136-06-005444.txt : 20060629
<SEC-HEADER>0000950136-06-005444.hdr.sgml : 20060629
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060629140218
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950136-06-005444
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060629
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060629

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001356881
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		IRS NUMBER:				330526079
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-132320-01
		FILM NUMBER:		06932982

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 VAN NESS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		C/O AMERICAN HONDA RECIEVABLES CORP
		CITY:			TORRANCE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3107814318

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 2295
		CITY:			TORRANCE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90509-2295

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Honda Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060321
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>file1.htm
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE><PAGE>

================================================================================

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   ----------

                                    FORM 10-K

                                   ----------

                                  ANNUAL REPORT
                        PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(D)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

(Mark One)

[X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934

                    For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2006

                                       OR

[_]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

            For the transition __________ period from to ___________

                                   ----------

                                  333-132320-01
                   (COMMISSION FILE NUMBER OF ISSUING ENTITY)

                    HONDA AUTO RECEIVABLES 2006-1 OWNER TRUST
             (EXACT NAME OF ISSUING ENTITY SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

                                   333-132320
                      (COMMISSION FILE NUMBER OF DEPOSITOR)

                        AMERICAN HONDA RECEIVABLES CORP.
              (EXACT NAME OF DEPOSITOR AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

                       AMERICAN HONDA FINANCE CORPORATION
               (EXACT NAME OF SPONSOR AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

           DELAWARE                                               20-6860465
       (STATE OR OTHER                                        (I.R.S EMPLOYER
JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION                                 IDENTIFICATION NO.)
    OF THE ISSUING ENTITY)

C/O AMERICAN HONDA RECEIVABLES CORP.                               90503
       20800 MADRONA AVENUE                                      (ZIP CODE)
           TORRANCE, CA
(ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES
      OF THE ISSUING ENTITY)

                                 (310) 972-2511
                     (TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE)

================================================================================

<PAGE>

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
- -------------------   -----------------------------------------
        None                            None

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                      None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.                      Yes [_]   No [X]

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.             Yes [_]   No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.                                Yes [X] No [_]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.                                                                   [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one):

Large Accelerated Filer [_]   Accelerated Filer [_]   Non-Accelerated Filer [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).                                Yes [_]   No [X]

Registrant has no voting or non-voting class of common equity outstanding and
held by nonaffiliates as of the date of this report.

================================================================================


                                       -2-

<PAGE>

PART I

THE FOLLOWING ITEMS HAVE BEEN OMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL INSTRUCTION J
TO FORM 10-K:

     (A)  ITEM 1, BUSINESS

     (B)  ITEM 1A, RISK FACTORS

     (C)  ITEM 2, PROPERTIES

     (D)  ITEM 3, LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     (E)  ITEM 4, SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.

Not applicable

SUBSTITUTE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL INSTRUCTION J TO FORM
10-K:

ITEM 1112(B) OF REGULATION AB. SIGNIFICANT OBLIGORS OF POOL ASSETS (FINANCIAL
INFORMATION).

No single obligor represents more than 10% of the pool assets held by Honda Auto
Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust (the "Trust").

ITEM 1114(B)(2) OF REGULATION AB. CREDIT ENHANCEMENT AND OTHER SUPPORT, EXCEPT
FOR CERTAIN DERIVATIVES INSTRUMENTS (INFORMATION REGARDING SIGNIFICANT
ENHANCEMENT PROVIDERS).

No entity or group of affiliated entities provides any external credit
enhancement or other support with respect to either payment on the pool assets
held by the Trust or payments on the notes (the "Notes") or certificates (the
"Certificates") issued by the Trust.

ITEM 1115(B) OF REGULATION AB. CERTAIN DERIVATIVES INSTRUMENTS (FINANCIAL
INFORMATION).

No entity or group of affiliated entities provides any derivative instruments
that are used to alter the payment characteristics of the cashflows from the
Trust.

ITEM 1117 OF REGULATION AB. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

No legal proceedings are pending against any of American Honda Finance
Corporation (the "Sponsor"), American Honda Receivables Corp. (the "Depositor"),
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "Indenture Trustee"), FDI Consulting, Inc. dba
FDI Collateral Management ("FDI") or the Trust that are or would be material to
holders of the Notes or the Certificates.

PART II

THE FOLLOWING ITEMS HAVE BEEN OMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL INSTRUCTION J
TO FORM 10-K:

     (A)  ITEM 5, MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
          MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

     (B)  ITEM 6, SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     (C)  ITEM 7, MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
          AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

     (D)  ITEM 7A, QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     (E)  ITEM 8, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     (F)  ITEM 9, CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
          AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE


                                       -3-

<PAGE>

     (G)  ITEM 9A, CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION.

Not applicable

PART III

THE FOLLOWING ITEMS HAVE BEEN OMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL INSTRUCTION J
TO FORM 10-K:

     (A)  ITEM 10, DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     (B)  ITEM 11, EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     (C)  ITEM 12, SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
          MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     (D)  ITEM 13, CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     (E)  ITEM 14, PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

SUBSTITUTE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL INSTRUCTION J TO FORM
10-K:

ITEM 1119 OF REGULATION AB. AFFILIATIONS AND CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS.

The Sponsor is the originator, as contemplated by Item 1110 of Regulation AB, of
all of the pool assets owned by the Trust. The Sponsor is also the primary
servicer. The Depositor is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Sponsor and,
therefore, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the originator and the primary servicer.
Through its purchase of the Certificates, the Depositor has acquired a 100%
ownership interest in the Trust; therefore, the Trust is an affiliated party of
the Depositor and, indirectly, of the Sponsor (including in its role as
originator and primary servicer).

The Indenture Trustee is not affiliated with any of the Sponsor (including in
its role as originator and primary servicer), the Depositor or the Trust. FDI,
as a special servicer, is likewise not affiliated with any of the Sponsor
(including in its role as originator and primary servicer), the Depositor or the
Trust.

There are no significant obligors, external enhancement or support providers, or
other material parties related to the Notes or Certificates.

In addition, there are no business relationships, agreements, arrangements,
transactions or understandings outside the ordinary course of business or on
terms other than would be obtained in an arm's length transaction with an
unrelated party, apart from the transaction involving the issuance of the Notes
and Certificates by the Trust, between the Sponsor, the Depositor or the Trust
and any of the parties mentioned in this Item.

Since February 2002, the Sponsor has contracted with FDI's parent, triVIN, Inc.,
for FDI to provide certain software-based services to the Sponsor in connection
with the titling and registering of vehicles through online services made
available by the motor vehicle administrations in various states. This contract
was most recently updated in February 2006 to include, among other things, a new
fee schedule. The vehicles for which FDI performs these services correspond to
approximately 37% of the receivables contained in the asset pool held by the
Trust. For these services, FDI charges and the Sponsor pays between $0.25 and
$7.50 per titling transaction, per vehicle, depending on the service provided by
FDI. In addition, FDI charges and the Sponsor pays approximately $155 per hour
of customized programming provided by FDI.

ITEM 1122 OF REGULATION AB. COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE SERVICING
CRITERIA.

The Sponsor (in its role as servicer), the Indenture Trustee and FDI
(collectively, the "Servicing Parties") have each been identified by the
registrant as parties participating in the servicing function with respect to
the asset pool held by the Trust. Each of the Servicing Parties has completed a
report on an assessment of


                                       -4-

<PAGE>

compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to it (each, a "Servicing
Report"), which Servicing Reports are attached as exhibits to this Form 10-K. In
addition, each of the Sponsor and the Indenture Trustee has provided an
attestation report (each, an "Attestation Report") by one or more registered
public accounting firms, which reports are also attached as exhibits to this
Form 10-K. Neither of the Servicing Reports prepared by the Indenture Trustee or
FDI, or the Attestation Report provided by the Indenture Trustee, has identified
any material instance of noncompliance with the servicing criteria applicable to
the respective Servicing Party. The registrant has not included an Attestation
Report prepared on behalf of FDI as an exhibit to this Form 10-K because the
accountants representing FDI, Ernst & Young LLP, were unable to provide the
registrant with their Attestation Report in time for the filing deadline of this
Form 10-K.

The Servicing Report prepared by the Sponsor and the related Attestation Report
have identified two material instances of noncompliance with the servicing
criteria applicable to the Sponsor. Specifically, the Sponsor had not, as of and
for the four-day period ended March 31, 2006, instituted policies and procedures
to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance
with the transaction agreements or to monitor third-party performance and
compliance with servicing activities. Except for these two material instances of
noncompliance, neither the Servicing Report prepared by the Sponsor nor the
related Attestation Report has identified any material instance of noncompliance
with the servicing criteria applicable to the Sponsor.

ITEM 1123 OF REGULATION AB. SERVICER COMPLIANCE STATEMENT.

The Sponsor (in its role as servicer) and FDI have been identified by the
registrant as servicers with respect to the asset pool held by the Trust. Each
of the Sponsor and FDI has completed a statement of compliance with applicable
servicing criteria (each a "Compliance Statement"), in each case signed by an
authorized officer of the Sponsor and FDI, respectively. The Compliance
Statements are attached as exhibits to this Form 10-K.

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS.

The exhibits listed below are either included or incorporated by reference as
indicated:

Exhibit 3.1 - Articles of Incorporation of the Depositor, as last amended on
July 31, 2003 and filed with the secretary of state of California on August 12,
2003.

Exhibit 3.2 - Amended and Restated By-laws of the Depositor, in effect since
April 1, 2004.

Exhibit 4.1 - Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2006, between Honda Auto
Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as indenture
trustee, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated March 28,
2006, and filed by the registrant on March 28, 2006.

Exhibit 4.2 - Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated March 28, 2006, among
American Honda Receivables Corp., Citibank, N.A., as owner trustee, and
Wilmington Trust Company, as Delaware Trustee, incorporated by reference to
exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated March 28, 2006, and filed by the registrant on
March 28, 2006.

Exhibit 31.1 - Certification of senior officer in charge of the servicing
function of the servicer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.

Exhibit 33.1 - Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for
Asset-Backed Securities of American Honda Finance Corporation.

Exhibit 33.2 - Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for
Asset-Backed Securities of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

Exhibit 33.3 - Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for
Asset-Backed Securities of FDI Computer Consulting, Inc., dba FDI Collateral
Management.


                                       -5-

<PAGE>

Exhibit 34.1 - Attestation Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing
Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities of KPMG LLP, on behalf of American Honda
Finance Corporation.

Exhibit 34.2 - Attestation Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing
Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, on behalf of
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

Exhibit 35.1 - Servicing Compliance Statement of American Honda Finance
Corporation.

Exhibit 35.2 - Servicing Compliance Statement of FDI Computer Consulting, Inc.,
dba FDI Collateral Management.

Exhibit 99.1 - Annual Servicer Report provided American Honda Finance
Corporation to holders of Notes and Certificates.


                                       -6-

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                        HONDA AUTO RECEIVABLES 2006-1 OWNER
                                        TRUST

                                        BY:
                                        AMERICAN HONDA FINANCE CORPORATION, AS
                                        SERVICER


                                        By: /s/ Paul C. Honda
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Paul C. Honda
                                            Assistant Vice President, Assistant
Date: June 29, 2006                         Secretary and Compliance Officer

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT               DESCRIPTION
- -------               -----------

Exhibit 3.1    Articles of Incorporation of the Depositor, as last amended on
               July 31, 2003 and filed with the secretary of state of California
               on August 12, 2003.

Exhibit 3.2    Amended and Restated By-laws of the Depositor, in effect since
               April 1, 2004.

Exhibit 4.1    Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2006, between Honda Auto
               Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
               indenture trustee, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to
               Form 8-K dated March 28, 2006, and filed by the registrant on
               March 28, 2006.

Exhibit 4.2    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated March 28, 2006, among
               American Honda Receivables Corp., Citibank, N.A., as owner
               trustee, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Delaware Trustee,
               incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated March
               28, 2006, and filed by the registrant on March 28, 2006.

Exhibit 31.1   Certification of senior officer in charge of the servicing
               function of the servicer pursuant to Section 302 of the
               Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Exhibit 33.1   Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for
               Asset-Backed Securities of American Honda Finance Corporation.

Exhibit 33.2   Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for
               Asset-Backed Securities of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

Exhibit 33.3   Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for
               Asset-Backed Securities of FDI Computer Consulting, Inc., dba FDI
               Collateral Management.

Exhibit 34.1   Attestation Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing
               Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities of KPMG LLP, on behalf of
               American Honda Finance Corporation.

Exhibit 34.2   Attestation Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing
               Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities of PricewaterhouseCoopers
               LLP, on behalf of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

Exhibit 35.1   Servicing Compliance Statement of American Honda Finance
               Corporation.

Exhibit 35.2   Servicing Compliance Statement of FDI Computer Consulting, Inc.,
               dba FDI Collateral Management.


                               -7-

<PAGE>

Exhibit 99.1   Annual Servicer Report provided American Honda Finance
               Corporation to holders of Notes and Certificates.


                               -8-

</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>file2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF THE DEPOSITOR
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                     Exhibit 3.1

                              AMENDED AND RESTATED

                            ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

                                       OF

                        AMERICAN HONDA RECEIVABLES CORP.

                                   ----------

                                    ARTICLE I

                                      NAME

     The name of the corporation is American Honda Receivables Corp.

                                   ARTICLE II

                             PURPOSE OF CORPORATION

     (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below, the purpose of the corporation (the
"Corporation") is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California
other than the banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a
profession permitted to be incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

     (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the purpose of the Corporation is
limited to the following purposes, and activities incident to and necessary or
convenient to accomplish the fallowing purposes: (i) to acquire, own, hold,
sell, transfer, assign, pledge, finance, refinance and otherwise deal with, new
and used automobiles, light duty trucks and minivans (the "Receivables"); (ii)
to authorize, issue, sell and deliver one or more series of obligations,
consisting of one or more classes of certificates or notes or other evidence of
indebtedness (the "Securities") that are collateralized by or evidence an
interest in the Receivables; and (ii) negotiate, authorize, execute, deliver and
assume the obligations of any agreement relating to the activities set forth in
clauses (i) and (ii) above, including but not limited to any pooling and
servicing agreement, indenture, reimbursement agreement, credit support
agreement, receivables purchase agreement or underwriting agreement and to
engage in any lawful activity which is incidental to the activities contemplated
by any such agreement. So long as any outstanding debt of the Corporation or
Securities are rated by any nationally recognized statistical rating
organization, the Corporation shall not issue notes or otherwise borrow money
unless (A) the Corporation has made a written request to the related nationally
recognized statistical rating organization to issue notes or incur borrowings
which notes or borrowings are rated by the related nationally recognized
statistical rating organization the same as or higher than the rating afforded
such rated debt or Securities, or (B) such notes or borrowings (1) are fully
subordinated (and which shall provide for payment only after payment in respect
of all outstanding rated debt and/or Securities) or are nonrecourse against any
assets of the Corporation other than the assets pledged to secure such notes


                                       1

<PAGE>

or borrowings, (2) do not constitute a claim against the Corporation in the
event such assets are insufficient to pay such notes or borrowings, and (3)
where such notes or borrowings are secured by the rated debt or Securities, are
fully subordinated (and which shall provide for payment only after payment in
respect of all outstanding rated debt and/or Securities) to such rated debt or
Securities.

                                   ARTICLE III

Reserved

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                  CAPITAL STOCK

     The Corporation shall have one class of stock designated as Common Stock,
and the total number of shares of stock of that class that the Corporation shall
have authority to issue is 1,000 shares of no par stook. No shareholder shall
have any preemptive right to acquire additional shares of the Corporation.

                                    ARTICLE V

                              INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

     The Corporation shall at all times, except as noted hereafter, have at
least two Directors (each, an "Independent Director") who is not (a) a director,
officer or employee of any affiliate of the Corporation; (b) a person related to
any officer or director of any affiliate of the Corporation; (c) a holder
(directly or indirectly) of more than 10% of any voting securities of any
affiliate of the Corporation; or (d) a person related to a holder (directly or
indirectly) of more than 10% of any voting securities of any affiliate of the
Corporation. In the event of the death, incapacity, resignation or removal of
all Independent Directors, the Board of Directors shall promptly appoint an
Independent Director for each Independent Director whose death, incapacity,
resignation or removal caused the related vacancy on the Board of Directors;
provided, however, that the Board of Directors shall not vote on any matter
unless and until at least two Independent Directors have been duly appointed to
serve; on the Board.


                                       2

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI

                    LIMITATIONS ON ACTIONS BY THE CORPORATION

     Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles and any provision of
law, the Corporation shall not do any of the following:

     (a) engage in any business or activity other than as set forth in Article
II hereof;

     (b) without the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Board
of Directors of the Corporation (which must include the affirmative vote of all
duly appointed Independent Directors), (i) dissolve or liquidate, in whole or in
part, or institute proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (ii)
consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it,
(iii) file a petition seeking or consent for reorganization or relief under any
applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy, (iv) consent to the
appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other
similar official of the Corporation or a substantial past of its property, (v)
make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (vi) admit in writing
its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or (vii) take any
corporate action in furtherance of the actions set forth in clauses (i) through
(vi) of this paragraph; provided, however, that no director may be required by
any shareholder of the Corporation to consent to the institution of bankruptcy
or insolvency proceedings against the Corporation so long as it is solvent, or

     (c) without the unanimous affirmative vote of the members of the Board of
Directors of the Corporation, merge or consolidate with any other corporation,
company or entity or sell all or substantially all of its assets or acquire all
or substantially all of the assets or capital stock or other ownership interest
of any other corporation, company or entity, except for the acquisition of
Receivables of American Honda Finance Corporation ("American Honda") and the
sale of Receivables to one or more trusts in accordance with the terms of
Article II(b) hereof, on which there shall be no such restriction.


                                       3

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VII

                                INTERNAL AFFAIRS

     The Corporation shall insure at all times that (a) it maintains separate
corporate records and books of account from those of American Honda, and (b)
except as permitted by contract between the Corporation and American Honda with
respect to deposits in certain accounts of collections of trade receivables of
American Honda that were not sold to the Corporation pursuant to an agreement
between them, which will be promptly remitted to the owner thereof, none of the
Corporation's assets will be commingled with those of American Honda or any of
their affiliates.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                   AMENDMENTS

     The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any
provision contained in these Articles in any manner now or hereafter provided
herein or by statute; and, except as provided with respect to the
indemnification of directors, all rights, preferences and privileges conferred
by these Articles upon shareholders, directors on any other person are granted
subject to such right; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not amend,
alter, change or repeal any provision of Articles II and V through VIII (the
"Restricted Articles") without the unanimous vote of the full Board of Directors
and provided, further, that the Corporation shall not amend or change any
Article so as to be inconsistent with the Restricted Articles.

                                   ARTICLE IX

          LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS FOR MONETARY DAMAGES; INDEMNIFICATION

     (a) The liability of the Directors of the Corporation for monetary damages
shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

     (b) The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of the
Directors and other agents of the Corporation (as defined in Section 317 of the
California General Corporation Law) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with
agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, in excess
of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California
General Corporation Law subject only to the applicable limits set forth in
Section 204 of the California General Corporation Law.


                                       4

<PAGE>

                            CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

                                       OF

                            ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

                                       OF

                        AMERICAN HONDA RECEIVABLES CORP.
                            A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION

                                   ----------

Y. Kohama and R. Nakamura hereby certify that:

     1. They are the duly elected and acting president and secretary,
respectively, of AMERICAN HONDA RECEIVABLES CORP., a California Corporation,

     2. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation are amended and
restated in full to read as set forth in Exhibit A hereto, which is incorporated
herein by this reference and made a part hereof.

     3. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

     4. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the required vote of Shareholders in accordance with
Section 902 of the California General Corporation Law; the total number of
outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote with respect to the amendment
and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation was 1,000; and the number of
shares of each class voting in favor of the amendment and restatement equaled or
exceeded the vote required, such required vote being a majority of the
outstanding shares of the Corporation.

We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct
of our own knowledge.

Dated: July 5, 1995


                                        /s/ Y. Kohama
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Y. Kohama, President


                                        /s/ R. Nakamura
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        R. Nakamura, Secretary


                                       5

<PAGE>

                            CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

                                       OF

                            ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

                                       OF

                        AMERICAN HONDA RECEIVABLES CORP.
                            A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION

                                   ----------

Y. Takahashi and M. Tanaka hereby certify that:

     1.   They are the duly elected and acting president and secretary,
          respectively, of AMERICAN HONDA RECEIVABLES CORP., a California
          corporation (the "Corporation").

     2.   Paragraph (b) of Article H of the Articles of Incorporation of the
          Corporation (the "Articles of Incorporation") is amended to read as
          follows:

               (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the purpose of the
          Corporation is limited to the following purposes, and activities
          incident to and necessary or convenient to accomplish the following
          purposes; (i) to acquire, own, hold, sell, transfer, assign, pledge,
          finance, refinance and otherwise deal with, receivables arising out of
          or relating to the financing or sale of new or used motor vehicles,
          including automobiles, light duty trucks and recreational vehicles,
          monies due thereunder, security interests in the motor vehicles
          financed thereby, proceeds from claims on insurance policies related
          thereto, and related rights (collectively, the "Receivables"); (ii) to
          authorize, issue, sell and deliver one or more series of obligations,
          consisting of one or more classes of certificates or notes or other
          evidences of indebtedness (the "Securities") that are collateralized
          by or evidence an interest in the Receivables; and (iii) to negotiate,
          authorize, execute, deliver and assume the obligations of any
          agreement relating to the activities set forth in clauses (i) and (ii)
          above, including but not limited to any pooling and servicing
          agreement, indenture, reimbursement agreement, credit support
          agreement, receivables purchase agreement or underwriting agreement
          and to engage it any lawful activity which is incidental to the
          activities contemplated by any such agreement. So long as any
          outstanding debt of the Corporation or Securities are rated by any
          nationally recognized statistical rating organization, the Corporation
          shall not issue notes or otherwise borrow money unless (A) the
          Corporation has made a written request to the related nationally
          recognized statistical rating organization to issue notes or incur
          borrowings which notes or borrowings are rated by the related
          nationally recognized statistical rating organization the same as or
          higher than the rating


                                       6

<PAGE>

          afforded such rated debt or Securities, or (B) such notes or
          borrowings (1) are fully subordinated (and which shall provide for
          payment only after payment in respect of all outstanding rated debt
          and/or Securities) or are nonrecourse against any assets of the
          Corporation other than the assets pledged to secure such notes or
          borrowings, (2) do not constitute a claim against the Corporation in
          the event such assets are insufficient to pay such notes or
          borrowings, and (3) where such notes or borrowings are secured by the
          rated debt or Securities, are fully subordinated (and which shall
          provide for payment only after payment in respect of all outstanding
          rated debt and/or Securities) to such rated debt or Securities."

     3.   Article VII of the Articles of Incorporation is amended to read as
          follows:

                                INTERNAL AFFAIRS

               The Corporation shall insure at all times that

          (a)  it maintains separate corporate records, financial statements and
               books of account from those of American Honda and each other
               affiliate of the Corporation;

          (b)  except as permitted by contract between the Corporation and
               American Honda with respect to deposits in certain accounts of
               collections of trade receivables of American Honda that were not
               sold to the Corporation pursuant to an agreement between them,
               which will be promptly remitted to the owner thereof, none of the
               Corporation's assets will be commingled with those of American
               Honda or any of their affiliates and all such assets will be
               maintained so that such assets are readily identifiable as assets
               of the Corporation and not those of any other individual,
               partnership (whether general or limited), limited liability
               company, corporation, trust estate, association, nominee or other
               entity (collectively, "Person"), including maintaining the
               Corporation's own bank accounts separate from any other Person;

          (c)  it observes all corporate formalities, including maintaining
               minutes of the Corporation's meetings;

          (d)  it conducts its dealings with third parties, including American
               Honda and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and otherwise holds
               itself out to the public, in its own name, as a separate and
               independent entity;

          (e)  it uses separate stationary, invoices, and checks and, to the
               extent reasonably required in light of its contemplated business
               operations, maintains an office separate from the offices of
               American Honda and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and every
               other Person, and conspicuously identifies such office as its
               office;

                                       7


<PAGE>

          (f)  conducts its dealings with third parties, including American
               Honda and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and every other
               Person., on an arm-length's basis by, among other things, paying
               to any such third party fair value for shared overhead or for any
               services or leased premises provided by such third party or any
               of their employees or agents;

          (g)  it files its own tax returns, if any, as may be required under
               applicable law, to the extent not part of a consolidated group of
               another taxpayer;

          (h)  it pays its liabilities out of its funds and does not pay the
               liabilities of American Honda or any other Person out of its
               funds;

          (i)  it does not guarantee, become obligated on, hold itself out as
               being obligated or available to satisfy, acquire or assume the
               liabilities of American Honda, any of its subsidiaries or
               affiliates, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any
               other Person, or pledge its assets for the benefit of American
               Honda, any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any other
               Person;

          (j)  it corrects any known misunderstanding regarding the
               Corporation's separate and distinct legal identity and refrains
               from engaging in any activity that compromises the separate legal
               identity of the Corporation or the separateness of its assets;

          (k)  it ensures that its capitalization is adequate in light of its
               business and purpose;

          (l)  it maintains a sufficient number of employees in light of its
               contemplated business operations, pays the salaries of its
               employees, if any, out of its own funds, and, to the extent that
               it shares officers and employees with any affiliates, allocates
               fairly and reasonably the salaries of, and the expenses related
               to providing the benefits of, officers or other employees shared
               with such affiliate;

          (m)  if the business of the Corporation is so limited as to reasonably
               be conducted from the premises of an affiliate, it allocates
               fairly and reasonably any overhead for office space shared with
               any subsidiary or any other affiliate;

          (n)  it does not identify itself as being a division or a part of
               American Honda or any other Person, and it does not permit
               American Honda or any other Person to identify the Corporation as
               being a division or a part of American Honda or any other Person;

          (o)  it does not acquire any securities or obligations of American
               Honda or any other affiliate of American Honda (other than
               Securities issued pursuant to Article II hereof); and


                                       8

<PAGE>

          (p)  it causes its financial statements to be prepared in accordance
               with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles in a manner
               that indicates the separate existence of the Corporation and its
               assets and liabilities;

          provided, however, that failure by the Corporation to comply with any
          of the foregoing shall not affect the status of the Corporation as a
          separate legal entity.

     4. The foregoing amendments of the Articles of Incorporation have been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

     5. The foregoing amendments of the Articles of Incorporation have been duly
approved by the required vote of Shareholders in accordance with Section 902 of
the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of the
Corporation is 1,000, consisting of a single class; and the number of shares
voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The
percentage vote required was more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the
Corporation.

     We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct
of our own knowledge.

Dated: July 31, 2003


                                        /s/ Y. Takahashi
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Y. Takahashi, President


                                        /s/ M. Tanaka
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        M. Tanaka, Secretary


                                       9



</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>file3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS OF THE DEPOSITOR
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                     Exhibit 3.2

                       SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

                                       OF

                        AMERICAN HONDA RECEIVABLES CORP.

                           (a California corporation)

                                   ----------

                                    ARTICLE I

                                     OFFICES

     Section 1.01 Principal Executive Office. The principal executive office of
American Honda Receivables Corp. (the "Corporation") shall be at 700 Van Ness
Avenue, Torrance, California 90501 or such other location that the Board of
Directors (the "Board") shall fix from time to time.

     Section 1.02 Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such
other places both within and without the State of California as the Board or the
President may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may
require.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                  SHAREHOLDERS

     Section 2.01 Annual Meeting and Election of Directors. The Annual Meeting
of Shareholders shall be held on such date and at such time as the Board
determines. The Directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be
transacted at each Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

     Section 2.02 Special Meetings. Special Meetings of Shareholders may be
called by the Board, the Chairman of the Board, if any, the President or the
holders of shares entitled to cast not less than ten percent (10%) of the votes
at such Special Meeting. Each Special Meeting shall be held at such date and
time as is requested by the person or persons calling such Special Meeting
within the limits fixed by law.

     Section 2.03 Place of Meetings. Each Annual or Special Meeting of
Shareholders shall be held at such location as may be determined by the Board,
or if no such determination is made at such place as may be determined by the
President. If no location is so determined, any Annual or Special Meeting shall
be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.

     Section 2.04 Notice of Meetings. Notice of each Annual or Special Meeting
of Shareholders shall contain such information, and shall be given to such
persons at such time, and

<PAGE>

in such manner, as the Board shall determine, or if no such determination is
made, as the President shall determine, subject to the requirements of
applicable law.

     Section 2.05 Conduct of Meetings. Subject to the requirements of applicable
law, all Annual and Special Meetings of Shareholders shall be conducted in
accordance with such rules and procedures as the Board may determine and, as to
matters not governed by such rules and procedures, as the chairman of such
Annual or Special Meetings shall determine.

     Section 2.06 Quorum. The holders of a majority of the shares issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote at an Annual or Special Meeting of the
Shareholders shall be requisite and shall constitute a quorum thereat for the
transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute, by the Articles
of Incorporation (the "Articles") or by these Bylaws. If a quorum is not present
or represented at a meeting of the Shareholders, the Shareholders entitled to
vote shall have power to adjourn such meeting from time to time, without notice
other than an announcement at such meeting, until a quorum is present or
represented. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or
represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at
the meeting as originally notified.

     Section 2.07 Proxies. Every person entitled to vote or to execute consents
may do so either in person or by written proxy filed with the Secretary of the
Corporation authorizing another person or persons to vote with respect to such
shares. The proxy shall not be valid after the expiration of eleven (11) months
from the date thereof unless otherwise provided in the proxy. Every proxy
continues in full force and effect until revoked by the person executing it
prior to the vote pursuant thereto, except as otherwise provided in the
applicable law.

     Section 2.08 Action Without Meeting. Any action required by statute to be
taken at any Annual or Special Meeting of the Shareholders, or any action that
may be taken at any Annual or Special Meeting of the Shareholders, may be taken
without a meeting, without prior notice if a consent in writing setting forth
the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding shares
having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to
authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote
thereon were present and voted. The signed consent or a signed copy shall be
placed in the Minute Book of the Corporation and prompt notice of the taking of
the corporate action shall be given to those Shareholders who have not consented
in writing.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                    DIRECTORS

     Section 3.01 Number. The authorized number of Directors on the Board shall
not be less than four nor more than six unless changed by a duly adopted Bylaw
amending this Section 3.01, as provided by these Bylaws and pursuant to
applicable law. The Board shall initially be comprised of five Directors. The
exact number of Directors shall be fixed, from time to time within the limits
specified, by resolution duly adopted either by the Board or the Shareholders.

     Section 3.02 Qualification-Independent Director; Election, Term.


                                       2

<PAGE>

     (a) Of the authorized number of Directors provided in Section 3.01; the
Corporation shall at all times, except as noted hereafter, have at least two
Directors (each, an "Independent Director") who is not (i) a director, officer
or employee of any affiliate of the Corporation; (ii) a person related to any
officer or director of any affiliate of the Corporation; (iii) a holder
(directly or indirectly) of more than ten percent (10%) of any voting securities
of any affiliate of the Corporation; or (iv) a person related to a holder
(directly or indirectly) of more than ten percent (10%) of any voting securities
of any affiliate of the Corporation. In the event of the death, incapacity,
resignation or removal of all Independent Directors, the Board shall promptly
appoint an Independent Director for each Independent Director whose death,
incapacity, resignation or removal caused the related vacancy on the Board;
provided, however, that the Board shall not vote on any matter unless and until
at least two Independent Directors have been duly appointed to serve on the
Board.

     (b) Except as otherwise provided by Sections 3.03 and 3.04 herein, the
Directors shall be elected at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

     (c) Each Director elected shall hold office until the next Annual Meeting
of Shareholders and until his successor has been elected and qualified or until
his death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal.

     Section 3.03 Removal of Directors. Except as otherwise provided by
applicable law, a director may only be removed by the Shareholders.

     Section 3.04 Vacancies on the Board. Vacancies on the Board, excluding
vacancies created by removal of Directors, may be filled by approval of the
Board or, if the number of Directors then in office is less than a quorum, by
(1) the unanimous written consent of the Directors then in office, (2) the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining Directors, or (3) a sole
remaining Director. The Shareholders may at any time elect a Director or
Directors to fill any vacancy or vacancies not filled by the Board and shall
have the right to fill any vacancy or vacancies created by the removal of one or
more Directors,

     Section 3.05 Powers. Subject to limitations of the Articles, the Bylaws,
and applicable law relating to actions required to be approved by the
Shareholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the
Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or
under the direction of the Board. The Board may delegate the management of the
day-to-day operation of the business of the Corporation to the officers of the
Corporation or other persons provided that the business and affairs of the
Corporation shall be managed by and all corporate powers shall be exercised
under the ultimate direction of the Board.

     Section 3.06 Quorum. A majority of the members of the Board shall
constitute a quorum of the Board for the transaction of business. Every act or
decision done or made by a majority of the members of the Board present at a
meeting duly held at which a quorum is present shall constitute the act of the
Board. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the members of the Board
present at the time and place of any meeting may adjourn such meeting from time
to time until a quorum is present. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be
given.


                                       3

<PAGE>

     Section 3.07 Meetings of the Board. The Board may designate any place,
within or without the State of California, for the holding of any meeting. If no
such designation is made, the meeting shall be held at the Corporation's
principal executive office. Subject to the requirements of applicable law, all
meetings of the Board shall be conducted in accordance with such rules and
procedures as the Board may approve and, as to matters not governed by such
rules and procedures, as the chairman of such meeting shall determine.

     The Board by resolution may provide for the holding of regular meetings,
with or without notice, and may fix the times and places within or outside the
State of California at which such meetings shall be held.

     Section 3.08 Action Without Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be
taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken
without a meeting if a written consent setting forth the action so taken is
signed by all members of the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, and
such written consent is filed with the Secretary of the Corporation and placed
in the Minute Book. Such consent shall have the same force and effect as a
unanimous vote at a meeting of such Board or committee.

     Section 3.09 Committee. The Board may, by resolution adopted by a majority
of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist
of two or more of the Directors of the Corporation. Any such committee, to the
extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all
the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and
affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be
affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have any
powers or authority in reference to:

     (a) the approval of any action for which the California General Corporation
Law also requires approval of the Shareholders or approval of the outstanding
shares;

     (b) amending the Articles;

     (c) approving an agreement of merger or consolidation;

     (d) recommending to the Shareholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or
substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets otherwise than in the
usual and regular course of its business;

     (e) recommending to the Shareholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a
revocation thereof;

     (f) amending or repealing the Bylaws of the Corporation or adopting new
Bylaws of the Corporation;

     (g) amending or repealing any resolution of the Board which by its express
terms is not so amendable or repealable;


                                       4

<PAGE>

     (h) appointing other committees of the Board or the members thereof;

     (i) filling vacancies in or removing members of the Board or on any
committee appointed by the Board;

     (j) fixing the compensation of the Directors for serving on the Board or
for serving as a member of any committee thereof; or

     (k) a "distribution", as such term is defined in Section 166 of the
California General Corporation Law, except at a rate, in a periodic amount or
within a specific price range determined by the Board, and, unless the
resolution of the Board expressly so provides, no such committee shall have the
power or authority to otherwise declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance
of stock.

Any such committee shall report on its meetings to the Board at the next meeting
of the Board.

     Section 3.10 Executive Committee of the Board. Subject to these Bylaws,
including Sections 3.07, 3.08 and 3.09, the Articles and the provisions of
applicable law, the Executive Committee of the Board (the "Executive Committee")
is authorized by unanimous written consent of all its Executive Committee
members to bind this Corporation without the consent of other members of the
Board and shall have and may exercise all of the authority of the Board in the
management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, including the power
to authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may
require it. Upon the unanimous consent of all members of the Executive
Committee, the Executive Committee is also authorized by these Bylaws to
authorize the fixture purchase and sale of Receivables as defined and provided
for in the Articles.

     Section 3.11 Removal of Committee Members. Any member of the Executive
Committee and other committees may be removed by the Board by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the whole Board, whenever in its judgment the best
interests of the Corporation will be served thereby.

     Section 3.12 Vacancies in Committees. A vacancy occurring in the Executive
Committee or any other committee of the Board (by death, resignation,
retirement, disqualification, removal or otherwise) may be filled by the Board
in the manner provided for original designation in Section 3.09.

     Section 3.13 Compensation. Members of the Board, the Executive Committee or
any other committee may, by resolution of the Board, be allowed compensation for
their service to the Corporation, including for attending Board or committee
meetings.

     Section 3.14 Telephone and Similar Meetings. Members of the Board and
committee members may participate in and hold a meeting by means of conference
telephone or similar communications equipment, so long as all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other. Participation in such meeting
shall constitute presence in person at the meeting, unless a person


                                       5

<PAGE>

authorized to participate in such meeting participates in the meeting for the
express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground
that the meeting was not lawfully called or convened.

     Section 3.15 Written Action or Minutes. The Board, the Executive Committee
and any other committees shall keep either a record of action taken or Minutes
of their proceedings and, in the case of any committee, report the same to the
Board when required. The Minutes of the proceedings of the Board, the Executive
Committee and other committees shall be placed in the Minute Book of the
Corporation.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                          INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

                       OFFICERS AND OTHER CORPORATE AGENTS

     Section 4.01 Indemnification. This Corporation shall, to the maximum extent
and in the manner permitted by the California General Corporation Law, indemnify
and hold harmless each of the directors and other "agents" of the Corporation,
as the term "agent" is defined in Section 317(a)) of the California General
Corporation Law, as amended from time to time, from and against any "expenses"
as defined in Section 317(a), judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts
actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any "proceeding" (as defined
in said Section 317(a) arising by reason of the fact that such person is or was
a director of the Corporation acting in good faith and in a manner reasonably
believed by such director to be in the best interests of the Corporation. The
Corporation shall advance to its directors and other agents expenses incurred in
defending any proceeding prior to the final disposition thereof to the full
extent and in the manner permitted by applicable law.

     Section 4.02 Right to Indemnification. This section shall create a right of
indemnification for each person referred to in Section 4.01, whether or not the
proceeding to which the indemnification relates arose in whole or in part prior
to adoption of such section and in the event of death such right shall extend to
such person's legal representatives. The right of indemnification hereby given
shall not be exclusive of any other rights such person may have whether by law
or under any agreement, insurance policy, vote of Directors or Shareholders, or
otherwise.

     Section 4.03 Insurance. Subject to the requirements of applicable law, the
Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any
agent of the corporation against any liability asserted against or incurred by
the agent in such capacity or arising out of the agent's status as such whether
or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify the agent against such
liability.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                    OFFICERS

     Section 5.0.1 Principal Officers. The principal officers of the Corporation
shall be a


                                       6

<PAGE>

President, a Secretary and a Treasurer, each of whom shall have the authority to
perform the duties provided in these Bylaws or as may from time to time be
assigned by the Board. One person may hold two or more offices, except that the
Secretary may not also hold the office of President.

     Section 5.02 Subordinate Officers. The Corporation may also have, at the
discretion of the Board, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant
Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as the
business of the Corporation may require, each of whom shall have the authority
and perform the duties as may be provided in these Bylaws or as may from time to
time be assigned by the Board.

     Section 5.03 Appointment of the Corporation's Officers. The Board or the
Executive Committee shall appoint the officers of the Corporation, each such
officer to hold his office until the earlier of his death, resignation,
retirement; disqualification or removal. Thereafter, the Board or the Executive
Committee may, from time to time, appoint other officers of the Corporation to
fill a vacancy in any office or otherwise, each such officer to hold his office
until the earlier of his death, resignation, disqualification or removal from
office.

     Section 5.04 Removal and Resignation.

     (a) Any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the
unanimous written consent of the Executive Committee or by a majority of the
members of the Board at the time in office, at any regular or Special Meeting of
the Board.

     (b) Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the
Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt
of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and unless otherwise
specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary in
order to make such resignation effective.

     Section 5.05 President. The President, unless a Chairman of the Board is
elected by the Board, shall, if present, preside at all meetings of the
Shareholders or the Board.

     The President shall, subject to the ultimate direction of the Board, have
general supervision, direction and control of the business and affairs of the
Corporation. He shall have the general powers and duties of management usually
vested in the chief executive officer of a corporation.

     The President shall provide the general and active management of the
business operations of the Corporation and shall see that all orders and
resolutions of the Board are carried into effect. He shall develop and issue or
cause to be issued such operating policies, procedures and guidelines respecting
the conduct of the business of the Corporation and of its officers, employees
and agents as he shall deem appropriate; and shall possess the power and
authority to authorize exceptions to and deviations from such policies,
procedures and guidelines where he, in good faith, determines that such
exceptions or deviations serve the best interests of the Corporation and would
neither violate applicable law nor do damage to the reputation of the
Corporation or its Shareholders.

     The President shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring
a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by
law to be otherwise signed and


                                       7

<PAGE>

executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be delegated
by the Board to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.

     Section 5.06 Secretary.

     (a) The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, the Minute Book of the
Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation, or such other
place as the Board may order, of all meetings of Shareholders, the Board and its
committees, with the time and place of holding, whether regular or special and
if special, how authorized and the notice thereof given, the names of those
present at Board and committee meetings, the number of shares present or
represented at meetings of the Shareholders and the proceedings thereof.

     (b) The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal
executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's
transfer agent, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the
names of the shareholders and their addresses; the number and classes of shares
held by each; the number and date of certificates issued for the same; and the
number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for
cancellation.

     (c) The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all the
meetings of the Shareholders and of the Board and of any committees thereof
required by these Bylaws or by applicable law to be given, and he shall keep the
seal of the Corporation in safe custody.

     (d) The Secretary shall be under the supervision of the President. He shall
perform such other duties and have such other authority and powers as the Board
may from time to time prescribe or as the President may from time to time
delegate.

     Section 5.07 Treasurer.

     (a) The Treasurer shall deposit or cause the deposit of all monies and
other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such
depositories as may be designated by the Board.

     (b) The Treasurer shall have custody of the corporate funds and securities
and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements of the
Corporation.

     (c) The Treasurer shall be responsible for effecting the properly
authorized disbursement of funds of the Corporation and shall provide
appropriate and timely accounting of his transactions as Treasurer to the
President and the Board.

     (d) The Treasurer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and
maintained, adequate and correct accounts of the properties and business
transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities,
receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, additional paid-in capital and
retained earnings. Capital and additional paid-in capital shall be classified
according to source and shown in separate accounts.

     (e) The Treasurer shall provide appropriate and timely reports on the
financial


                                       8

<PAGE>

condition of and the results of operations of the Corporation to the President
and the Board.

     (f) The Treasurer shall perform such other duties and may have such other
authority and powers as the Board may from time to time prescribe or as the
President may from time to time delegate.

     Section 5.08 Vice Presidents. The Vice Presidents, if any, shall exercise
and perform such powers and duties with respect to the administration of the
business affairs and operations of the Corporation as may from time to time be
assigned to each of them by the President or by the Board, or if not ranked, the
Vice President designated by the Board may perform all of the duties of the
President and when so acting shall have all of the powers of and be subject to
all the restrictions upon the President.

     Section 5.09 Assistant Secretaries. The Assistant Secretaries, if any, may,
in the absence or disability of the Secretary, perform all of the duties of the
Secretary and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all
the restrictions upon the Secretary.

     Section 5.10 Assistant Treasurer. The Assistant Treasurers, if any, may, in
the absence or disability of the Treasurer, perform all of the duties of the
Treasurer and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all
the restrictions upon the Treasurer.

     Section 5.11 Compensation. The compensation, if any, of the officers and
agents of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the Board or the
Executive Committee.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                   AMENDMENTS

     Section 6.01 Bylaws. Subject to applicable law and the limitations set
forth in the Articles, new Bylaws may be adopted or these Bylaws may be amended,
restated or repealed by the Shareholders or the Board, except that Sections 3.01
and 3.02 may only be amended, restated or repealed by the Shareholders.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

     Section 7.01 Seal. The Board shall adopt a corporate seal, which shall be
in the form of a circle and shall bear the name of the Corporation and words and
figures showing that the Corporation was incorporated in the State of California
and the date of incorporation.

     Section 7.02 Method of Notice. Whenever by statute, the Articles, these
Bylaws, or otherwise, notice is required to be given to a Director, committee
member or Shareholder, and no provision is made therein as to how the notice
shall be given, it shall not be construed to mean personal notice, but any such
notice may be given:


                                       9

<PAGE>

     (a) in writing by mail, first-class postage prepaid, addressed to the
Director, committee member, or Shareholder and the address appearing on the
books of the Corporation;

     (b) by facsimile transmission; or

     (c) in any other method permitted by law.

Any such notice required or permitted to be given by mail shall be deemed given
at the time when the same is deposited in accordance with the terms of this
Section in the United States mails.

     Section 7.03 Waiver of Notice. Except as otherwise provided by applicable
law, whenever notice is required to be given by these Bylaws or the Articles or
by law, the person entitled to said notice may waive such notice in writing,
either before or after the time stated therein, and such waiver shall be deemed
equivalent to notice. All such waivers shall be filed in the Minute Book of the
Corporation or made a part of the minutes of the meeting.

     Section 7.04 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on
the last day of March in each year.

     Section 7.05 Construction. Whenever the context so requires, the masculine
gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders and the singular shall
include the plural, and conversely. If any portion of these Bylaws shall be
invalid or inoperative, then, so far as is reasonable and possible:

     (a) the remainder of these Bylaws shall be considered valid and operative,
and

     (b) effect shall be given to the intent manifested by the portion held
invalid or inoperative.

     Section 7.06 Headings. The headings set forth in these Bylaws are for
organization, convenience and clarity. In interpreting these Bylaws, the
headings shall be subordinated in importance to other written material.

     Section 7.07 Relation to the Articles. These Bylaws are subject to and are
governed by the Articles, the provisions of applicable law, and any written
agreement by a majority in interest of the Shareholders filed with the
Corporation at its principal place of business.


                                       10




</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>file4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION OF SENIOR OFFICER
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

SERVICER CERTIFICATION

I, Paul C. Honda, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K and all reports on Form 10-D
required to be filed in respect of the period covered by this report on Form
10-K of Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust (the "Exchange Act periodic
reports");

2. Based on my knowledge, the Exchange Act periodic reports, taken as a whole,
do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, all the distribution, servicing and other information
required to be provided under Form 10-D for the period covered by this report is
included in the Exchange Act periodic reports;

4. I am responsible for reviewing the activities performed by the Servicer and
based on my knowledge and the compliance review conducted in preparing the
Servicer compliance statement required in this report under Item 1123 of
Regulation AB, and except as disclosed in the Exchange Act periodic reports, the
Servicer has fulfilled its obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement in
all material respects; and

5. All the reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for
asset-backed securities and their related attestation reports on assessment of
compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities required to be
included in this report in accordance with Item 1122 of Regulation AB and
Exchange Act Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 have been included as an exhibit to this
report, except as otherwise disclosed in this report. Any material instances of
noncompliance described in such reports have been disclosed in this report on
Form 10-K.

     In giving the certifications above, I have reasonably relied on information
provided to me by the following unaffiliated parties: FDI Computer Consulting
Inc., dba FDI Collateral Management and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A..

Date: June 26, 2006


/s/ Paul C. Honda
- -------------------------------------
Paul C. Honda
Assistant Vice President, Assistant
Secretary and Compliance Officer of
American Honda Finance Corporation


</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-33.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>file5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 33.1

                            MANAGEMENT'S ASSERTION ON

                     COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION AB CRITERIA

     American Honda Finance Corporation (the "Asserting Party") is responsible
for assessing compliance as of March 31, 2006 and for the period from March 28,
2006 (date of issuance of the Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust) through
March 31, 2006 (the "Reporting Period") with the servicing criteria set forth in
Title 17, Section 229.1122(d) of the Code of Federal Regulations (the "CFR"),
except for the criteria set forth in Sections 229.1122(d)(1)(iii)-(iv),
229.1122(d)(2)(vi), 229.1122(d)(4)(ix)-(xi), 229.1122(d)(4)(xiii) and
229.1122(d)(4)(xv) in the CFR, which the Asserting Party has concluded are not
applicable to the servicing of the Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
asset-backed securitization transaction backed by auto receivables and serviced
by the Asserting Party (the "Applicable Servicing Criteria"). The sole
asset-backed securitization transaction covered by this report was the Honda
Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust.

     The Asserting Party has assessed its compliance with the Applicable
Servicing Criteria for the Reporting Period and has identified two material
instances of noncompliance with servicing criteria set forth in Sections
229.1122(d)(1)(i) and 229.1122(d)(1)(ii), respectively, of the CFR.
Specifically, as of and for the four-day period ended March 31, 2006, the
Asserting Party had not instituted policies and procedures to monitor any
performance or other triggers and events of defaults in accordance with the
transaction agreements or to monitor third party performance and compliance with
servicing activities. The Asserting Party has furthermore concluded that, with
the exception of the aforementioned material instance of noncompliance, the
Asserting Party has complied, in all material respects, with the Applicable
Servicing Criteria for the Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
asset-backed securitization transaction backed by auto receivables serviced by
the Asserting Party.

<PAGE>

     KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an
attestation report on the assessment of compliance with the Applicable Servicing
Criteria for the Reporting Period as set forth in this assertion.

American Honda Finance Corporation


/s/ Paul C. Honda
- ------------------------------------------
Paul C. Honda
Assistant Vice President,
Assistant Secretary and Compliance Officer

Date:  June 26, 2006


                                       2



</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-33.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>file6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 33.2

                            MANAGEMENT'S ASSERTION ON
                     COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION AB CRITERIA

     JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (the "Asserting Party") is
responsible for assessing compliance as of March 31, 2006 and for the period
from March 28, 2006 (date of issuance of the Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner
Trust) through March 31, 2006 (the "Reporting Period") with the servicing
criteria set forth in Section 229.1122(d) of the Code of Federal Regulations
(the "CFR"), except for criteria 229.1122(d)1(i) - (iv), 2(i), 2(iii) - (vii),
3(i) and 4(i) - (xv) in the CFR, which the Asserting Party has concluded are not
applicable to the servicing of the Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
asset-backed securitization transaction backed by auto receivables and serviced
by the Asserting Party (the "Applicable Servicing Criteria"). The sole
asset-backed securitization transaction covered by this report was the Honda
Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust.

     The Asserting Party has assessed its compliance with the Applicable
Servicing Criteria for the Reporting Period and has concluded that the Asserting
Party has complied, in all material respects, with the Applicable Servicing
Criteria for the Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust asset-backed
securitization transaction backed by auto receivables serviced by the Asserting
Party.

     PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting
firm, has issued an attestation report on the assessment of compliance with the
Applicable Servicing Criteria for the Reporting Period as set forth in this
assertion.

     JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Indenture Trustee


/s/ Kelly A. Mathieson
- -------------------------------------
Kelly A Mathieson, Managing Director
Date: June 20, 2006


</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-33.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>file7.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 33.3

June 20, 2006

American Honda Finance Corporation
20800 Madrona Ave.
Torrance, California 90503

Attention: Michael J. Greene

Re: Assessment of compliance for services provided pursuant to the Title
Administration Agreement dated as of February 5, 2002 between triVIN, Inc.
(triVIN) for services provided by its wholly owned subsidiary, FDI Computer
Consulting, Inc., dba FDI Collateral Management, and American Honda Finance
Corporation (AFHC).

     The Company (as defined below) is responsible for assessing compliance with
the servicing criteria applicable to it. The Company used the criteria in
paragraph (d) of Section 1122 of Regulation AB (17 C.F.R. 229.1122(d)) to assess
compliance with the applicable servicing criteria

     Relating to the services FDI Computer Consulting, Inc., dba FDI Collateral
Management (the "Company") provides pursuant to the Title Administration
Agreement dated as of February 5, 2002 between triVIN and AFHC, the Company
complied in all material respects with the applicable servicing criteria set
forth in Item 1122 of Regulation AB (17 C.F.R. 229.1122) identified below as of
and for the period of March 28, 2006 through March 31, 2006 (the "Applicable
Servicing Criteria"). The extent and nature of the applicability of the
Applicable Servicing Criteria to the Company's services is qualified by the
additional information provided below.

     The registered public accounting firm, Ernst and Young LLP has been
retained to issue an attestation report on the party's compliance with the
Applicable Servicing Criteria.

      REGULATION AB SECTION 229.1122(D) (ITEM 1122(D)) SERVICING CRITERIA.

<FONT size="1">

   Regulation AB                                                  Applicable Servicing                 Additional
     Reference                 Servicing criteria.                Criteria/Compliance                  Information
- ------------------   ---------------------------------------   -------------------------   ----------------------------------

1122(d)(1)           General servicing considerations.

1122(d)(1)(i)        Policies and procedures are instituted   Applicable.                  "Transaction agreements" refer to
                     to monitor any performance or other      FDI in compliance.           agreements between AHFC and
                     triggers and events of default in                                     triVIN, Inc., parent company of
                     accordance with the transaction                                       FDI.
                     agreements.

1122(d)(1)(ii)       If any material servicing activities      Not applicable.
                     are outsourced to third parties,
                     policies and procedures are instituted
                     to monitor the
</FONT>

<PAGE>

<FONT size="1">

                     third party's performance and
                     compliance with such servicing
                     activities.

1122(d)(1)(iii)      Any requirements in the transaction       Not applicable.
                     agreements to maintain a back-up
                     servicer for the pool assets are
                     maintained.

1122(d)(1)(iv)       A fidelity bond and errors and            Not applicable.
                     omissions policy is in effect on the
                     party participating in the servicing
                     function throughout the reporting
                     period in the amount of coverage
                     required by and otherwise in accordance
                     with the terms of the transaction
                     agreements.

                     Cash collection and administration.

1122(d)(2)(i)        Payments on pool assets are deposited     Not applicable.
                     into the appropriate custodial bank
                     accounts and related bank clearing
                     accounts no more than two business days
                     of receipt, or such other number of
                     days specified in the transaction
                     agreements.

1122(d)(2)(ii)       Disbursements made via wire transfer on   Not applicable.
                     behalf of an obligor or to an investor
                     are made only by authorized personnel.

1122(d)(2)(iii)      Advances of funds or guarantees           Not applicable.
                     regarding collections, cash flows or
                     distributions, and any interest or
                     other fees charged for such advances,
                     are made, reviewed and approved as
                     specified in the transaction
                     agreements.

1122(d)(2)(iv)       The related accounts for the              Not applicable.
                     transaction, such as cash reserve
                     accounts or accounts established as a
                     form of overcollateralization, are
                     separately maintained (e.g., with
                     respect to commingling of cash) as set
                     forth in the transaction agreements.

1122(d)(2)(v)        Each custodial account is                 Not applicable.
</FONT>

<PAGE>

<FONT size="1">

                     maintained at a federally insured
                     depository institution as set forth in
                     the transaction agreements. For
                     purposes of this criterion, "federally
                     insured depository institution" with
                     respect to a foreign financial
                     institution means a foreign financial
                     institution that meets the requirements
                     of Section 240.13k-1(b)(1) of this
                     chapter.

1122(d)(2)(vi)       Unissued checks are safeguarded so as     Not applicable.
                     to prevent unauthorized access.

1122(d)(2)(vii)      Reconciliations are prepared on a         Not applicable.
                     monthly basis for all asset-backed
                     securities related bank accounts,
                     including custodial accounts and
                     related bank clearing accounts. These
                     reconciliations:

1122(d)(2)(vii)(A)   Are mathematically accurate;              Not applicable.

1122(d)(2)(vii)(B)   Are prepared within 30 calendar days      Not applicable.
                     after the bank statement cutoff date,
                     or such other number of days specified
                     in the transaction agreements;

1122(d)(2)(vii)(C)   Are reviewed and approved by someone      Not applicable.
                     other than the person who prepared the
                     reconciliation; and

1122(d)(2)(vii)(D)   Contain explanations for reconciling      Not applicable.
                     items. These reconciling items are
                     resolved within 90 calendar days of
                     their original identification, or such
                     other number of days specified in the
                     transaction agreements.

                     Investor remittances and reporting.

1122(d)(3)(i)        Reports to investors, including those     Not applicable.
                     to be filed with the Commission, are
                     maintained in accordance with the
                     transaction agreements and applicable
                     Commission requirements. Specifically,
                     such reports:
</FONT>

<PAGE>

<FONT size="1">

1122(d)(3)(i)(A)     Are prepared in accordance with           Not applicable.
                     timeframes and other terms set forth in
                     the transaction agreements;

1122(d)(3)(i)(B)     Provide information calculated in         Not applicable.
                     accordance with the terms specified in
                     the transaction agreements;

1122(d)(3)(i)(C)     Are filed with the Commission as          Not applicable.
                     required by its rules and regulations;
                     and

1122(d)(3)(i)(D)     Agree with investors' or the trustee's    Not applicable.
                     records as to the total unpaid
                     principal balance and number of pool
                     assets serviced by the servicer.

1122(d)(3)(ii)       Amounts due to investors are allocated    Not applicable.
                     and remitted in accordance with
                     timeframes, distribution priority and
                     other terms set forth in the
                     transaction agreements.

1122(d)(3)(iii)      Disbursements made to an investor are      Not applicable.
                     posted within two business days to the
                     servicer's investor records, or such
                     other number of days specified in the
                     transaction agreements.

1122(d)(3)(iv)       Amounts remitted to investors per the     Not applicable.
                     investor reports agree with cancelled
                     checks, or other form of payment, or
                     custodial bank statements.

                     Pool asset administration.

1122(d)(4)(i)        Collateral or security on pool assets     Applicable.                 Amendment 3 - "General Agreement
                     is maintained as required by the          FDI in compliance.          Changes", paragraph 3, re: General
                     transaction agreements or related pool                                Security Precautions
                     asset documents.

1122(d)(4)(ii)       Pool assets and related documents are     Applicable.                 Amendment 3 - "General Agreement
                     safeguarded as required by the            FDI in Compliance.          Changes", paragraph 3, re: General
                     transaction agreements.                                               Security Precautions
</FONT>

<PAGE>

<FONT size="1">

1122(d)(4)(iii)      Any additions, removals or                Not applicable.
                     substitutions to the asset pool are
                     made, reviewed and approved in
                     accordance with any conditions or
                     requirements in the transaction
                     agreements.

1122(d)(4)(iv)       Payments on pool assets, including any    Not applicable.
                     payoffs, made in accordance with the
                     related pool asset documents are posted
                     to the applicable servicer's obligor
                     records maintained no more than two
                     business days after receipt, or such
                     other number of days specified in the
                     transaction agreements, and allocated
                     to principal, interest or other items
                     (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the
                     related pool asset documents.

1122(d)(4)(v)        The servicer's records regarding the      Not applicable.
                     pool assets agree with the servicer's
                     records with respect to an obligor's
                     unpaid principal balance.

1122(d)(4)(vi)       Changes with respect to the terms or
                     status of an obligor's pool asset         Not applicable.
                     (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings)
                     are made, reviewed and approved by
                     authorized personnel in accordance with
                     the transaction agreements and related
                     pool asset documents.

1122(d)(4)(vii)      Loss mitigation or recovery actions       Not applicable.
                     (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications
                     and deeds in lieu of foreclosure,
                     foreclosures and repossessions, as
                     applicable) are initiated, conducted
                     and concluded in accordance with the
                     timeframes or other requirements
                     established by the transaction
                     agreements.

1122(d)(4)(viii)     Records documenting collection efforts    Not applicable.
                     are maintained during the period a pool
                     asset is delinquent in
</FONT>

<PAGE>

<FONT size="1">

                     accordance with the transaction
                     agreements. Such records are maintained
                     on at least a monthly basis, or such
                     other period specified in the
                     transaction agreements, and describe
                     the entity's activities in monitoring
                     delinquent pool assets including, for
                     example, phone calls, letters and
                     payment rescheduling plans in cases
                     where delinquency is deemed temporary
                     (e.g., illness or unemployment).

1122(d)(4)(ix)       Adjustments to interest rates or rates     Not applicable.
                     of return for pool assets with variable
                     rates are computed based on the related
                     pool asset documents.

1122(d)(4)(x)        Regarding any funds held in trust for      Not applicable.
                     an obligor (such as escrow accounts):

1122(d)(4)(x)(A)     Such funds are analyzed, in accordance    Not applicable.
                     with the obligor's pool asset
                     documents, on at least an annual basis,
                     or such other period specified in the
                     transaction agreements;

1122(d)(4)(x)(B)     Interest on such funds is paid, or        Not applicable.
                     credited, to obligors in accordance
                     with applicable pool asset documents
                     and state laws; and

1122(d)(4)(x)(C)     Such funds are returned to the obligor    Not applicable.
                     within 30 calendar days of full
                     repayment of the related pool asset, or
                     such other number of days specified in
                     the transaction agreements.

1122(d)(4)(xi)       Payments made on behalf of an obligor     Not applicable.
                     (such as tax or insurance payments) are
                     made on or before the related penalty
                     or expiration dates, as indicated on
                     the appropriate bills or notices for
                     such payments, provided that such
                     support has been received by the
                     servicer at least 30 calendar days
                     prior to
</FONT>

<PAGE>

<FONT size="1">

                     these dates, or such other number of
                     days specified in the transaction
                     agreements.

1122(d)(4)(xii)      Any late payment penalties in             Not applicable.
                     connection with any payment to be made
                     on behalf of an obligor are paid from
                     the servicer's funds and not charged to
                     the obligor, unless the late payment
                     was due to the obligor's error or
                     omission.

1122(d)(4)(xiii)     Disbursements made on behalf of an        Not applicable.
                     obligor are posted within two business
                     days to the obligor's records
                     maintained by the servicer, or such
                     other number of days specified in the
                     transaction agreements.

1122(d)(4)(xiv)      Delinquencies, charge-offs and            Not applicable.
                     uncollectable accounts are recognized
                     and recorded in accordance with the
                     transaction agreements.

1122(d)(4)(xv)       Any external enhancement or other         Not applicable.
                     support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1)
                     through (3) or Item 1115 of this
                     Regulation AB, is maintained as set
                     forth in the transaction agreements.
</FONT>


Date: June 20, 2006                     By: /s/ Jeff Cooke
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        Name: Jeff Cooke
                                        Title: President


</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-34.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>file8.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ATTESTATION RPT ON ASSESS OF COMP W/SERVICING
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 34.1

             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The Board of Directors
American Honda Finance Corporation:

We have examined American Honda Finance Corporation's (the Company) compliance
with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and
Exchange Commission's Regulation AB for Asset Backed Notes, Series 2006-1,
except for the servicing criteria 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(1)(iv),
1122(d)(2)(vi), 1122(d)(4)(ix), 1122(d)(4)(x), 1122(d)(4)(xi), 1122(d)(4)(xiii),
and 1122(d)(4)(xv), which the Company has determined as being applicable to the
activities it performs with respect to the asset-backed securities transactions
being serviced as of March 31, 2006 and for the four-day period from March 28,
2006 (the date of issuance of the Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust)
through March 31, 2006. Management is responsible for American Honda Finance
Corporation's compliance with those servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on American Honda Finance Corporation's compliance based on
our examination.

Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and, accordingly, included
examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company's compliance with the
servicing criteria specified above and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our examination
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a
legal determination on the Company's compliance with the servicing criteria.

Our examination disclosed the following material noncompliance with
1122(d)(1)(i) and 1122(d)(1)(ii) applicable to American Honda Finance
Corporation during the four-day period ended March 31, 2006. There were no
policies and procedures instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers
and events of defaults in accordance with the transaction agreement. There were
no policies and procedures instituted to monitor third-party performance and
compliance with servicing activities.

In our opinion, except for the material noncompliance described in the third
paragraph, American Honda Finance Corporation complied, in all material
respects, with the aforementioned servicing criteria for the four-day period
ended March 31, 2006.

/s/ KPMG LLP

Los Angeles, California

June 23, 2006



</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-34.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>file9.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 34.2

             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association:

We have examined management's assertion, included in the accompanying
Management's Assertion on Compliance with Regulation AB Criteria, that JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association (the "Bank") complied with the servicing
criteria set forth in Section 229.1122(d) of the Code of Federal Regulations
(the "CFR") for the Bank's Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
asset-backed securitization transaction backed by auto receivables and serviced
by the Bank as of March 31, 2006 and for the period from March 28, 2006 (the
date of issuance of the Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust) through March
31, 2006 (the "Reporting Period"), except for servicing criteria (d)(1)(i) -
(iv), 2(i), 2(iii) - (vii), 3(i) and 4(i) - (xv) in Section 229.1122(d) of the
CFR, which the Bank has concluded are servicing criteria not applicable to the
servicing of the Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust asset-backed
securitization transaction backed by auto receivables and serviced by the Bank
(the "Applicable Servicing Criteria"). The sole asset-backed securitization
transaction covered by this report is the Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner
Trust. Management is responsible for the Bank's compliance with the Applicable
Servicing Criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management's
assertion about the Bank's compliance based on our examination.

Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and, accordingly, included
examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Bank's compliance with the
Applicable Servicing Criteria and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our examination
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a
legal determination on the Bank's compliance with the Applicable Servicing
Criteria.

In our opinion, management's assertion that the Bank complied with the
Applicable Servicing Criteria as of March 31, 2006 and for the period from March
28, 2006 through March 31, 2006 is fairly stated, in all material respects.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

New York, New York
June 20, 2006


</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-35.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>file10.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SERVICING COMPLIANCE STATEMENTS OF AMERICAN HONDA
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 35.1

                       AMERICAN HONDA FINANCE CORPORATION
                          ANNUAL COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
       PURSUANT TO SECTION 3.11(A) OF THE SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT AND
                           ITEM 1123 OF REGULATION AB

     I, Paul Honda, do hereby certify that I am the Assistant Vice President,
Assistant Secretary and Compliance Officer of American Honda Finance
Corporation, a California corporation (the "Company"), and further certify on
behalf of the Company in its capacity as servicer (the "Servicer" and "Sponsor")
under the Sale and Servicing Agreement (the "Agreement") dated as of March 1,
2006 among the Servicer and Sponsor, American Honda Receivables Corp., as
Seller, and Honda Auto Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust as follows:

     (i) A review of the activities of the Servicer during the 4 day period
     ended March 31, 2006, and of its performance under the Agreement has been
     made under my supervision;

     (ii) To the best of my knowledge and information, based upon such review,
     the Servicer has fulfilled all its obligations under the Agreement
     throughout such period in all material respects; and

     (iii) To the best of my knowledge and information, no event of default nor
     any event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would
     become an event of default the Agreement, has occurred or is continuing.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 26th day of June,
2006.


                                   /s/ Paul C. Honda
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   Paul C. Honda
                                   Assistant Vice President, Assistant Secretary
                                   and Compliance Officer




</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-35.2
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>file11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SERVICING COMPLIANCE STATEMENT OF FDI COMPUTER CON
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 35.2

June 20, 2006

American Honda Finance Corporation
20800 Madrona Ave.
Torrance, California 90503

Attention: Michael J. Greene

Re: Assessment of compliance for services provided pursuant to the Title
Administration Agreement dated as of February 5, 2002 between triVIN, Inc.
(triVIN) for services provided by its wholly owned subsidiary, FDI Computer
Consulting, Inc., dba FDI Collateral Management (the Company), and American
Honda Finance Corporation (AFHC).

     a)   A review of the Company's activities and performance under the Title
          Administration Agreement dated as of February 5, 2002 between triVIN
          and AFHC during the period commencing March 28, 2006 through and
          including March 31, 2006 has been conducted under my supervision, and;

     b)   To the best of my knowledge, based upon such review, the Company has
          fulfilled its obligations under the Title Administration Agreement
          dated as of February 5, 2002 between triVIN and AFHC in all material
          respects throughout the period commencing March 28, 2006 through and
          including March 31, 2006.

Signed as of June 20, 2006.

                                               FDI COMPUTER CONSULTING INC.,
                                               DBA FDI COLLATERAL
                                               MANAGEMENT


                                               By: /s/ Jeff Cooke
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   Name: Jeff Cooke
                                                   Title: President




</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>file12.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL SERVICER REPORT PROVIDED AMERICAN HONDA FIN
<TEXT>
<HTML>
<HEAD>
<TITLE>
</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<PRE>
<PAGE>

                                                                          page 1


                       AMERICAN HONDA FINANCE CORPORATION
               Annual Statement to Certificateholder -- Honda Auto
                         Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
                            04/01/05 through 03/31/06

<FONT size="1">
I. ORIGINAL DEAL PARAMETER INPUTS
- ---------------------------------

   (A) Total Portfolio Balance                                                                              $1,303,489,996.17
   (B) Total Securities Balance                                                                             $1,303,489,996.17
   (C) Class A-1 Notes
       (i)   Class A-1 Notes Balance                                                                          $298,000,000.00
       (ii)  Class A-1 Notes Percentage (C(i)/B)                                                                        22.86%
       (iii) Class A-1 Notes Rate                                                                                     4.93378%
       (iv)  Class A-1 Notes Accrual Basis                                                                         Actual/360

   (D) Class A-2 Notes
       (i)   Class A-2 Notes Balance                                                                          $316,000,000.00
       (ii)  Class A-2 Notes Percentage (D(i)/B)                                                                        24.24%
       (iii) Class A-2 Notes Rate                                                                                       5.100%
       (iv)  Class A-2 Notes Accrual Basis                                                                             30/360
   (E) Class A-3 Notes
       (i)   Class A-3 Notes Balance                                                                          $400,000,000.00
       (ii)  Class A-3 Notes Percentage (E(i)/B)                                                                        30.69%
       (iii) Class A-3 Notes Rate                                                                                       5.070%
       (iv)  Class A-3 Notes Accrual Basis                                                                             30/360
   (F) Class A-4 Notes
       (i)   Class A-4 Notes Balance                                                                          $247,130,000.00
       (ii)  Class A-4 Notes Percentage (F(i)/B)                                                                        18.96%
       (iii) Class A-4 Notes Rate                                                                                       5.080%
       (iv)  Class A-4 Notes Accrual Basis                                                                             30/360
   (G) Certificates
       (i)   Certificates Balance                                                                              $42,359,996.17
       (ii)  Certificates Percentage (G(i)/B)                                                                            3.25%
       (iii) Certificates Rate                                                                                          0.000%
       (iv)  Certificates Accrual Basis                                                                                30/360
   (H) Servicing Fee Rate                                                                                                1.00%
   (I) Portfolio Summary
       (i)   Weighted Average Coupon (WAC)                                                                               6.34%
       (ii)  Weighted Average Original Maturity (WAOM)                                                                  57.92 months
       (iii) Weighted Average Remaining Maturity (WAM)                                                                  52.88 months
       (iv)  Number of Receivables                                                                                     74,512
   (J) Reserve Fund
       (i)   Reserve Account Initial Deposit Percentage                                                                  0.50%
       (ii)  Reserve Account Initial Deposit                                                                    $6,517,449.98
       (iii) Specified Reserve Account Percentage                                                                        0.75%
       (iv)  Specified Reserve Account Balance                                                                  $9,776,174.97
   (K) Yield Supplement Account Deposit                                                                        $25,667,158.93

II. INPUTS FROM PREVIOUS MONTHLY SERVICER REPORTS
- -------------------------------------------------
   (A) Total Portfolio Balance                                                                              $1,303,489,996.17
   (B) Total Securities Balance                                                                             $1,303,489,996.17
   (C) Cumulative Note and Certificate Pool Factor                                                                  1.0000000
   (D) Class A-1 Notes
       (i)   Class A-1 Notes Balance                                                                          $298,000,000.00
       (ii)  Class A-1 Notes Pool Factor                                                                            1.0000000
       (iii) Class A-1 Notes Interest Carryover Shortfall                                                               $0.00
       (iv)  Class A-1 Notes Principal Carryover Shortfall                                                              $0.00
   (E) Class A-2 Notes
       (i)   Class A-2 Notes Balance                                                                          $316,000,000.00
       (ii)  Class A-2 Notes Pool Factor                                                                            1.0000000
       (iii) Class A-2 Notes Interest Carryover Shortfall                                                               $0.00
       (iv)  Class A-2 Notes Principal Carryover Shortfall                                                              $0.00
   (F) Class A-3 Notes
       (i)   Class A-3 Notes Balance                                                                          $400,000,000.00
       (ii)  Class A-3 Notes Pool Factor                                                                            1.0000000
       (iii) Class A-3 Notes Interest Carryover Shortfall                                                               $0.00
       (iv)  Class A-3 Notes Principal Carryover Shortfall                                                              $0.00
   (G) Class A-4 Notes
       (i)   Class A-4 Notes Balance                                                                          $247,130,000.00
       (ii)  Class A-4 Notes Pool Factor                                                                            1.0000000
       (iii) Class A-4 Notes Interest Carryover Shortfall                                                               $0.00
       (iv)  Class A-4 Notes Principal Carryover Shortfall                                                              $0.00
   (H) Certificates
       (i)   Certificates Balance                                                                              $42,359,996.17
       (ii)  Certificates Pool Factor                                                                               1.0000000
       (iii) Certificates Interest Carryover Shortfall                                                                  $0.00
       (iv)  Certificates Principal Carryover Shortfall                                                                 $0.00
   (I) Servicing Fee
       (i) Servicing Fee Shortfall                                                                                      $0.00
   (J) End of Prior Month Account Balances
       (i)   Reserve Account                                                                                    $6,517,449.98
       (ii)  Yield Supplement Account                                                                          $25,667,158.93
       (iii) Payahead Account                                                                                           $0.00
       (iv)  Advances Outstanding                                                                                       $0.00
   (K) Portfolio Summary as of End of Prior Year
       (i)   Weighted Average Coupon (WAC)                                                                               6.34%
       (ii)  Weighted Average Remaining Maturity (WAM)                                                                  52.88 months
       (iii) Number of Receivables                                                                                     74,512
   (L) Note and Certificate Percentages
       (i)   Note Percentage                                                                                           100.00%
       (ii)  Certificate Percentage                                                                                      0.00%
</FONT>

<PAGE>

                                                                          page 2


                       AMERICAN HONDA FINANCE CORPORATION
               Annual Statement to Certificateholder -- Honda Auto
                         Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
                            04/01/05 through 03/31/06

<FONT size="1">
III. INPUTS FROM THE MAINFRAME
- ------------------------------

   (A) Precomputed Contracts Principal
      (i)    Scheduled Principal Collections                                                                            $0.00
      (ii)   Prepayments in Full                                                                                        $0.00
      (iii)  Prepayments in Full due to Repurchases                                                                     $0.00
   (B) Precomputed Contracts Total Collections                                                                          $0.00
   (C) Precomputed Interest Receivables Interest (B-A((i)+(ii)+(iii)))                                                  $0.00
   (D) Simple Interest Receivables Principal
      (i)    Principal Collections                                                                             $26,675,248.40
      (ii)   Prepayments in Full                                                                               $14,950,488.13
      (iii)  Repurchased Receivables Related to Principal                                                               $0.00
   (E) Simple Interest Receivables Interest
      (i)   Simple Interest Collections                                                                         $6,771,386.37
   (F) Payment Advance for Precomputes
      (i)    Reimbursement of Previous Advances                                                                         $0.00
      (ii)   Current Advance Amount                                                                                     $0.00
   (G) Interest Advance for simple Interest - Net                                                                 $407,294.82
   (H) Payahead Account
      (i)    Payments Applied                                                                                           $0.00
      (ii)   Additional Payaheads                                                                                       $0.00
   (I) Portfolio Summary as of End of Month
      (i)    Weighted Average Coupon (WAC)                                                                               6.34%
      (ii)   Weighted Average Remaining Maturity (WAM)                                                                  51.63 months
      (iii)  Remaining Number of Receivables                                                                           73,593

   (J) Delinquent Receivables                                                  # Units         Dollar Amount
                                                                             -----------    -------------------
      (i)    30-59 Days Delinquent                                           20    0.03%    $368,125.52   0.03%
      (ii)   60-89 Days Delinquent                                            2    0.00%    $ 27,233.74   0.00%
      (iii)  90 Days or More Delinquent                                       0    0.00%    $      0.00   0.00%
   (K) Vehicles Repossessed During Collection Period                         10    0.01%    $160,936.41   0.01%
   (L) Total Accumulated Repossessed Vehicles in Inventory                   10    0.01%    $160,936.41   0.01%

IV. INPUTS DERIVED FROM OTHER SOURCES
- -------------------------------------
   (A) Collection Account Investment Income                                                                             $0.00
   (B) Reserve Account Investment Income                                                                           $16,952.89
   (C) Yield Supplement Account Investment Income                                                                  $66,764.66
   (D) Trust Fees Expense                                                                                               $0.00
   (E) Aggregate Net Losses for Collection Period                                                                   $1,882.59
   (F) Liquidated Receivables Information
      (i)    Gross Principal Balance on Liquidated Receivables                                                      $1,882.59
      (ii)   Liquidation Proceeds                                                                                       $0.00
      (iii)  Recoveries from Prior Month Charge Offs                                                                    $0.00
   (G) Days in Accrual Period                                                                                              21
   (H) Deal age                                                                                                             1

                                                                   COLLECTIONS
                                                                   -----------

V. INTEREST COLLECTIONS
- ------------------------
   (A) Total Interest Collections (III(C+E(i)+G)                                                                $7,178,681.19

VI. PRINCIPAL COLLECTIONS
- -------------------------
   (A) Principal Payments Received  (III(A((i)+(ii))+(D(i)+(ii)))                                              $41,625,736.53
   (B) Liquidation Proceeds  (IV(H(i)))                                                                                 $0.00
   (C) Repurchased Loan Proceeds Related to Principal  (III(A(iii)+D(iii)))                                             $0.00
   (D) Recoveries from Prior Charge Offs (IV(H(ii)))                                                                    $0.00
   (E) Total Principal Collections (A+B+C+D)                                                                    41,625,736.53

VII. TOTAL INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL COLLECTIONS  (V(C)+VI(E))                                                     48,804,417.72
- -----------------------------------------------------------

VIII. YIELD SUPPLEMENT DEPOSIT                                                                                  $1,561,927.28
- ------------------------------

IX. TOTAL AVAILABLE AMOUNT (VII+VIII)                                                                           50,366,345.00
- -------------------------------------

                                                                  DISTRIBUTIONS
                                                                  -------------

X. FEE DISTRIBUTIONS
- --------------------
   (A) Servicing Fee
      (i)    Servicing Fee Due (I(H)/12)(II(B))+(II(H)(i))                                                      $1,086,241.66
      (ii)   Servicing Fee Paid                                                                                  1,086,241.66
                                                                                                               --------------
      (iii)  Servicing Fee Shortfall                                                                                    $0.00
   (B) Reserve Account Investment Income (IV(B))                                                                    16,952.89
   (C) Yield Supplement Account Investment Income  (IV(C))                                                              $0.00
   (D) Trust Fees Expense (IV(D))                                                                                       $0.00

XI. DISTRIBUTIONS TO NOTEHOLDERS
- --------------------------------
   (A) Interest
      (i) Class A-1 Notes
             (a) Class A-1 Notes Interest Due                                                                     $857,655.42
             (b) Class A-1 Notes Interest Paid                                                                     857,655.42
                                                                                                               --------------
             (c) Class A-1 Notes Interest Shortfall                                                                     $0.00
      (ii)  Class A-2 Notes
             (a) Class A-2 Notes Interest Due                                                                     $895,333.33
             (b) Class A-2 Notes Interest Paid                                                                     895,333.33
                                                                                                               --------------
             (c) Class A-2 Notes Interest Shortfall                                                                     $0.00
      (iii) Class A-3 Notes
             (a) Class A-3 Notes Interest Due                                                                   $1,126,666.67
             (b) Class A-3 Notes Interest Paid                                                                   1,126,666.67
                                                                                                               --------------
             (c) Class A-3 Notes Interest Shortfall                                                                     $0.00
      (iv)  Class A-4 Notes
             (a) Class A-4 Notes Interest Due                                                                     $697,455.78
</FONT>

<PAGE>

                                                                          page 3


                       AMERICAN HONDA FINANCE CORPORATION
               Annual Statement to Certificateholder -- Honda Auto
                         Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
                            04/01/05 through 03/31/06

<FONT size="1">

             (b) Class A-4 Notes Interest Paid                                                                     697,455.78
                                                                                                               --------------
             (c) Class A-4 Notes Interest Shortfall                                                                     $0.00
</FONT>

<PAGE>
                                                                                                    page 4

                       AMERICAN HONDA FINANCE CORPORATION
               Annual Statement to Certificateholder -- Honda Auto
                         Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
                           04/01/05 through 03/31/06

<FONT size="1">

      (v)    Total Note Interest
             (a)  Total Note Interest Due                                                                       $3,577,111.20
             (b)  Total Note Interest Paid                                                                       3,577,111.20
                                                                                                            -----------------
             (c) Total Note Interest Shortfall                                                                          $0.00
             (d) Reserve Fund Withdrawn for Note Interest                                                               $0.00

Amount available for distributions after Fees & Interest
   (VIII-(IX(A)(ii)-(D))-X(A)(v)(b))                                                                            45,702,992.14
   (B) Principal
      (i)    Noteholders' Principal Distribution Amounts                                                       $41,627,619.12
      (ii)   Class A-1 Notes Principal
             (a)  Class A-1 Notes Principal Due                                                                 41,627,619.12
             (b)  Class A-1 Notes Principal Paid                                                                41,627,619.12
                                                                                                            -----------------
             (c)  Class A-1 Notes Principal Shortfall                                                                   $0.00
             (d)  Reserve Fund drawn                                                                                    $0.00
      (iii)  Class A-2 Notes Principal
             (a)  Class A-2 Notes Principal Due                                                                         $0.00
             (b)  Class A-2 Notes Principal Paid                                                                         0.00
                                                                                                            -----------------
             (c)  Class A-2 Notes Principal Shortfall                                                                   $0.00
             (d)  Reserve Fund drawn                                                                                    $0.00
      (iv)   Class A-3 Notes Principal
             (a)  Class A-3 Notes Principal Due                                                                         $0.00
             (b)  Class A-3 Notes Principal Paid                                                                         0.00
                                                                                                            -----------------
             (c)  Class A-3 Notes Principal Shortfall                                                                   $0.00
             (d)  Reserve Fund drawn                                                                                    $0.00
      (v)    Class A-4 Notes Principal
             (a)  Class A-4 Notes Principal Due                                                                         $0.00
             (b)  Class A-4 Notes Principal Paid                                                                         0.00
                                                                                                            -----------------
             (c)  Class A-4 Notes Principal Shortfall                                                                   $0.00
             (d)  Reserve Fund drawn                                                                                    $0.00
      (vi)   Total Notes Principal
             (a)  Total Notes Principal Due                                                                    $41,627,619.12
             (b)  Total Notes Principal Paid                                                                    41,627,619.12
                                                                                                            -----------------
             (c) Total Notes Principal Shortfall                                                                        $0.00
             (d) Reserve Fund drawn                                                                                     $0.00
Amount available for distributions to the Certificates and Reserve Fund                                          4,075,373.02

XIII. DISTRIBUTIONS TO CERTIFICATEHOLDERS
- -----------------------------------------
   (A) Interest
      (i)    Certificate Monthly Interest Due                                                                           $0.00
      (ii)   Certificate Interest Shortfall Beginning Balance                                                           $0.00
      (iii)  Total Certificate Interest Due                                                                             $0.00
      (iv)   Certificate Interest Paid                                                                                   0.00
                                                                                                            -----------------
      (v) Certificate Interest Shortfall Ending Balance                                                                 $0.00
   (B) Principal
      (i)    Certificate Monthly Principal Due                                                                          $0.00
      (ii)   Certificate Principal Shortfall Beginning Balance                                                          $0.00
      (iii)  Total Certificate Principal Due                                                                            $0.00
      (iv)   Certificate Principal Paid                                                                                  0.00
                                                                                                            -----------------
      (v)    Certificate Principal Shortfall Ending Balance                                                             $0.00

XII. RESERVE FUND DEPOSIT
- -------------------------
   Amount available for deposit into reserve account                                                            $4,075,373.02
   Amount deposited into reserve account                                                                         3,258,724.99
   Excess Amount Released from Reserve Account                                                                           0.00
   Excess funds available to Certificateholders                                                                    816,648.03

                                                                DISTRIBUTIONS SUMMARY
                                                                ---------------------

   (A) Total Collections                                                                                       $50,366,345.00
   (B) Service Fee                                                                                              $1,086,241.66
   (C) Trustee Fees                                                                                                      0.00
   (D) Class A1 Amount                                                                                         $42,485,274.54
   (E) Class A2 Amount                                                                                            $895,333.33
   (F) Class A3 Amount                                                                                          $1,126,666.67
   (G) Class A4 Amount                                                                                            $697,455.78
   (H) Certificateholders                                                                                               $0.00
   (I) Amount Deposited into Reserve Account                                                                    $3,258,724.99
   (J) Release to seller                                                                                          $816,648.03
   (K) Total amount distributed                                                                                $50,366,345.00
   (L) Amount of Draw from Reserve Account                                                                               0.00
   (M) Excess Amount Released from Reserve Account                                                                       0.00

                                                           PORTFOLIO AND SECURITY SUMMARY
                                                           ------------------------------
                                                                                      Beginning                    End
                                                                                      of Period                 of Period
                                                                                  -----------------         -----------------

XIV. POOL BALANCES AND PORTFOLIO INFORMATION
- --------------------------------------------
   (A) Balances and Principal Factors
      (i)    Aggregate Balance of Notes                                           $1,261,130,000.00         $1,219,502,380.88
      (ii)   Note Pool Factor                                                             1.0000000                 0.9669918
      (iii)  Class A-1 Notes Balance                                                 298,000,000.00            256,372,380.88
      (iv)   Class A-1 Notes Pool Factor                                                  1.0000000                 0.8603100
      (v)    Class A-2 Notes Balance                                                 316,000,000.00            316,000,000.00
      (vi)   Class A-2 Notes Pool Factor                                                  1.0000000                 1.0000000
      (vii)  Class A-3 Notes Balance                                                 400,000,000.00            400,000,000.00
      (viii) Class A-3 Notes Pool Factor                                                  1.0000000                 1.0000000
      (ix)   Class A-4 Notes Balance                                                 247,130,000.00            247,130,000.00
      (x)    Class A-4 Notes Pool Factor                                                  1.0000000                 1.0000000
      (xi)   Certificates Balance                                                     42,359,996.17             42,359,996.17
      (xii)  Certificates Pool Factor                                                     1.0000000                 1.0000000
</FONT>

<PAGE>
                                                                                                    page 5

                       AMERICAN HONDA FINANCE CORPORATION
               Annual Statement to Certificateholder -- Honda Auto
                         Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
                           04/01/05 through 03/31/06

<FONT size="1">

      (xiii) Total Principal Balance of Notes and Certificates                     1,303,489,996.17          1,261,862,377.05
   (B) Portfolio Information

      (i)    Weighted Average Coupon (WAC)                                                     6.34%                     6.34%
      (ii)   Weighted Average Remaining Maturity (WAM)                                        52.88 months              51.63 months
      (iii)  Remaining Number of Receivables                                                 74,512                    73,593
      (iv)   Portfolio Receivable Balance                                         $1,303,489,996.17         $1,261,862,377.05
   (C) Outstanding Advance Amount                                                             $0.00               $407,294.82
   (D) Outstanding Payahead Balance                                                           $0.00                     $0.00
</FONT>

<PAGE>
                                                                                                    page 6

                       AMERICAN HONDA FINANCE CORPORATION
               Annual Statement to Certificateholder -- Honda Auto
                         Receivables 2006-1 Owner Trust
                           04/01/05 through 03/31/06


                               SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTS
                               -------------------

<FONT size="1">
XV. RECONCILIATION OF RESERVE ACCOUNT
- -------------------------------------

   (A) Beginning Reserve Account Balance                                                                        $6,517,449.98
   (B) Draws
      (i)   Draw for Servicing Fee                                                                                       0.00
      (ii)  Draw for Interest                                                                                            0.00
      (iii) Draw for Realized Losses                                                                                     0.00
   (C) Excess Interest Deposited into the Reserve Account                                                        3,258,724.99
   (D) Reserve Account Balance Prior to Release                                                                  9,776,174.97
   (E) Reserve Account Required Amount                                                                           9,776,174.97
   (F) Final Reserve Account Required Amount                                                                     9,776,174.97
   (G) Excess Reserve Account Amount                                                                                     0.00
   (H) Ending Reserve Account Balance                                                                            9,776,174.97

XVI. RECONCILIATION OF YIELD SUPPLEMENT ACCOUNT
- -----------------------------------------------
   (A) Beginning Yield Supplement Account Balance                                                               25,667,158.93
   (B) Investment Earnings                                                                                          66,764.66
   (C) Investment Earnings Withdraw                                                                                      0.00
   (D) Additional Yield Supplement Amounts                                                                               0.00
   (E) Yield Supplement Deposit Amount                                                                           1,561,927.28
   (F) Release of Yield Deposit Account Balance to Seller                                                                0.00
                                                                                                            -----------------
   (G) Ending Yield Supplement Account Balance                                                                  24,171,996.31

XVII. NET LOSS AND DELINQUENCY ACCOUNT ACTIVITY
- -----------------------------------------------
   (A) Liquidated Contracts
      (i)  Liquidation Proceeds                                                                                        $0.00
      (ii) Recoveries on Previously Liquidated Contracts                                                                0.00
   (B) Aggregate Net Losses for Collection Period                                                                   1,882.59
   (C) Net Loss Rate for Collection Period (annualized)                                                                 0.00%
   (D) Cumulative Net Losses for all Periods                                                                       $1,882.59

   (E) Delinquent Receivables                                                            # Units             Dollar Amount
                                                                                   ------------------      -----------------
      (i)   30-59 Days Delinquent                                                        20      0.03%      $368,125.52  0.03%
      (ii)  60-89 Days Delinquent                                                         2      0.00%       $27,233.74  0.00%
      (iii) 90 Days or More Delinquent                                                    0      0.00%            $0.00  0.00%

XVIII. REPOSSESSION ACTIVITY                                                             # Units             Dollar Amount
- ----------------------------                                                       ------------------      -----------------
   (A) Vehicles Repossessed During Collection Period                                   10       0.01%      $160,936.41  0.01%
   (B) Total Accumulated Repossessed Vehicles in Inventory                             10       0.01%      $160,936.41  0.01%

XIX. TESTS FOR INCREASE IN SPECIFIED RESERVE ACCOUNT BALANCE
- ------------------------------------------------------------
   (A) Ratio of Net Losses to the Pool Balance as of Each Collection Period
      (i)   Second Preceding Collection Period                                                                          0.00%
      (ii)  Preceding Collection Period                                                                                 0.00%
      (iii) Current Collection Period                                                                                   0.00%
      (iv)  Three Month Average (Avg(i,ii,iii))                                                                         0.00%
   (B) Ratio of Balance of Contracts Delinquent 60 Days or More to the
         Outstanding Balance of Receivables.

      (i)   Second Preceding Collection Period                                                                          0.00%
      (ii)  Preceding Collection Period                                                                                 0.00%
      (iii) Current Collection Period                                                                                   0.02%
      (iv)  Three Month Average (Avg(i,ii,iii))                                                                         0.02%

   (C) Loss and Delinquency Trigger Indicator                                                            Trigger was not hit.
</FONT>

   I hereby certify that the servicing report provided is true
   and accurate to the best of my knowledge.


   /s/ Paul C. Honda
   ------------------------
   Paul C. Honda
   Assistant Vice President, Assistant Secretary and Compliance Officer












</PRE>
</BODY>
</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
