-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KWrdIStq/3zEcNHfEOKJv/l9Aic71k8wAEIZo0JrzCYP+bchYsAN2AA6rhZUm/ts
 fDtNMbJ0mHjAD3Rkl236Dg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001099910-06-000054.txt : 20060419
<SEC-HEADER>0001099910-06-000054.hdr.sgml : 20060419
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060331175942
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001099910-06-000054
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060419

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP VI-A
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000822783
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				161309987
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17466
		FILM NUMBER:		06730604

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2350 N FOREST RD STE 21A
		CITY:			GETZVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14068
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7166369090

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2350 NORTH FOREST RD
		CITY:			GETZVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14068
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>realmarkvia-10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

[X]      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2005
                                             -----------------

                                       or

[ ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                    For the transition period from ___ to ___

                         Commission File Number 0-17466

              REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VIA
              -----------------------------------------------------
             (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

         Delaware                                   16-1309987
- ------------------------              --------------------------------------
   (State of Formation)                  (IRS Employer Identification No.)

                2350 North Forest Road Getzville, New York 14068
                ------------------------------------------------
                    (Address of Principal Executive Office)

                 Registrant's Telephone Number: (716) 636-9090
                                                 -------------

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Units of Limited
                                                            Partnership Interest


Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
         [ ] Yes                  [X] No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
         [ ] Yes                  [X] No

Indicate by a check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
         [X] Yes                  [ ] No

Indicate by a check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.
         [X]
<PAGE>
Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
[ ] Large accelerated filer   [ ] Accelerated filer    [X] Non-accelerated filer

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).
         [ ] Yes                  [X] No


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
        See Item 15 for a list of all documents incorporated by reference


<PAGE>
                                     PART I
                                     ------


ITEM 1: BUSINESS
- ------- --------

         The Registrant, Realmark Property Investors Limited Partnership-VI A
(the "Partnership"), is a Delaware Limited Partnership organized in September
1987 pursuant to an Amended and Restated Certificate and Agreement of Limited
Partnership (the "Partnership Agreement"), under the Revised Delaware Uniform
Limited Partnership Act. The Partnership's general partners are Realmark
Properties, Inc. (the "Corporate General Partner"), a Delaware corporation, and
Joseph M. Jayson (the "Individual General Partner").

         The Registrant commenced the public offering of its limited partnership
units, registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on November 10, 1987, and concluded the
offering on November 10, 1988, having raised a total of $15,737,790 before
deducting sales commissions and expenses of the offering.

         The Partnership's primary business and its only industry segment is to
own and operate income-producing real property for the benefit of its partners.
At December 31, 2005 the Partnership has a 50% joint partner interest in
Research Triangle Industrial Park Joint Venture, which owns an
office/distribution facility in Raleigh, North Carolina. On June 30, 2003, July
31, 2003, and December 17, 2003, the Partnership sold Pomeroy Park Apartments,
Inducon Columbia, and Stonegate Townhouses, respectively, to unaffiliated
entities. Refer to Item 7 and the notes to the financial statements for details
of these transactions.

         It is anticipated that the Partnership's joint venture will be entering
into a sales contract in the near future (one to six months) which will be
subject to sales conditions which are customary for sales contracts and there is
no assurance that the sale will be consummated.

         The business of the Partnership is not seasonal and it competes on the
basis of rental rates and property operations with similar types of properties
in vicinities in which the Partnership's properties are located. The Partnership
has no real property investments located outside the United States. The
Partnership does not segregate revenue or assets by geographic region, since, in
management's view, such a presentation would not be significant to an
understanding of the Partnership's business or financial results taken as a
whole. As of December 31, 2005, the Partnership did not directly employ any
persons in a full-time position. All persons who regularly rendered services on
behalf of the Partnership through December 31, 2005 were employees of the
Corporate General Partner or its affiliates.

The percent of total Partnership revenue generated by each complex for the last
three years was as follows:

                                      2005            2004           2003
                                      ----            ----           ----

Stonegate Townhouses                   -               -               48%
Pomeroy Park                           -               -               28%
Inducon Columbia                       -               -               24%

         This annual report contains certain forward-looking statements
concerning the Partnership's current expectations as to future results. Words
such as "believes", "forecasts", "intends", "possible", "expects", "estimates",
                                        2
<PAGE>
"anticipates" or "plans" and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. Such statements may not ultimately turn out to be
accurate due to, among other things, economic or market conditions or the
failure of the Partnership to sell an investment which is under contract.

ITEM 1A:  RISK FACTORS
- --------  ------------

         Investors or potential investors in Realmark Property Investors Limited
Partnership - VIA should carefully consider the risks described below. These
risks are not the only ones we face. Additional risks of which we are presently
unaware or that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business
operations and hinder our financial performance, including our ability to make
distributions to our investors. We have organized our summary of these risks
into five subsections:

         o  real estate related risks;
         o  financing risks;
         o  tax risks;
         o  environmental and other legal risks; and
         o  risks for investors.

         This section includes forward-looking statements.

                            Real Estate Related Risks

We face substantial competition

         The property of our joint venture is located in a developed area where
we face substantial competition from other properties and from other real estate
companies that own or may develop or renovate competing properties. The number
of competitive properties and real estate companies could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to rent our property and the rents we charge. In
addition, the activities of these competitors and these factors could:

         o  decrease the rental rates that we would be able to charge in the
            absence of such direct competition; and
         o  reduce the occupancy rates that we would otherwise be able to
            achieve.

         The factors could materially and adversely affect the value of our
portfolio, our results of operations and our ability to pay amounts due on our
debt and distributions to our investors.

Changes in market or economic conditions may affect our business negatively

         General economic conditions and other factors beyond our control may
adversely affect real property income and capital appreciation. We are unable to
determine the precise effect that the performance of the worldwide or United
States economies will have on us or on the value of our property.

Terrorism could impair our business

         Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war could have a
material adverse effect on our business and operating results. Attacks that
directly affect our commercial property could significantly affect our ability
to operate that property and impair our ability to achieve the results we
expect. Our insurance coverage may not cover any losses caused by a terrorist
attack. In addition, the adverse effects that such violent acts and threats of
future attacks could have on the United States economy could similarly have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
                                        3
<PAGE>
Our commercial and office tenants may go bankrupt or be unable to make lease
payments

         Our operating revenues from our commercial property depend on entering
into leases with and collecting rents from tenants. Economic conditions may
adversely affect tenants and potential tenants in our market and, accordingly,
could affect their ability to pay rents and possibly to occupy their space.
Tenants may experience bankruptcies and various bankruptcy laws may reject those
leases or terminate them. If leases expire or end, replacement tenants may not
be available upon acceptable terms and conditions. In addition, if the market
rental rates are lower than the previous contractual rates, our cash flows and
net income could suffer a negative impact. As a result, if a significant number
of our commercial or office tenants fail to pay their rent due to bankruptcy,
weakened financial condition or otherwise, it would negatively affect our
financial performance.

Real estate properties are illiquid and may be difficult to sell, particularly
in a poor market environment

         Real estate investments are relatively illiquid, which tends to limit
our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other market conditions.
Our ability to dispose of assets in the future will depend on prevailing
economic and market conditions.

Losses from natural catastrophes may exceed our insurance coverage

         The joint venture carries comprehensive liability, fire, flood,
extended coverage and rental loss insurance on the property, which we believe is
customary in amount and type for real property assets. Some losses, however,
generally of a catastrophic nature, such as losses from floods, may be subject
to limitations. We may not be able to maintain our insurance at a reasonable
cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against potential losses. Further,
our insurance costs could increase in future periods. If we suffer a substantial
loss, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to pay the full current
market value or current replacement value of the lost investment. Inflation,
changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other
factors also might make it impractical to use insurance proceeds to replace a
damaged or destroyed property.

                                 Financing Risks

We may be unable to refinance our existing debt or we may only be able to do so
on unfavorable terms

         We are subject to the normal risks associated with debt financing,
including:

         o  the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required
            payments of principal and interest; and
         o  the risk that we will not be able to renew, repay or refinance our
            debt when it matures or that the terms of any renewal or refinancing
            will not be as favorable as the existing terms of that debt.

                                    Tax Risks

Our operating partnership may fail to be treated as a partnership for federal
income tax purposes

         Management believes that our operating partnership qualifies, and has
qualified since its formation as a partnership for federal income tax purposes
and not as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. We can
                                        4
<PAGE>
provide no assurance, however, that the IRS will not challenge the treatment of
the operating partnership as a partnership for federal income tax purposes or
that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in
treating the operating partnership as a corporation for federal income tax
purposes, then the taxable income of the operating partnership would be taxable
at regular corporate income tax rates.

                       Environmental and Other Legal Risks

We may have liability under environmental laws

         Under federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and
regulations, we may be required to investigate and clean up the effects of
releases of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at our
properties, regardless of our knowledge or responsibility, simply because of our
current or past ownership or operation of the real estate. Therefore, we may
have liability with respect to properties we have already sold. If environmental
problems arise, we may have to take extensive measures to remedy the problems,
which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay distributions
to our investors because:

         o  we may have to pay for property damage and for investigation and
            clean-up costs incurred in connection with the contamination;
         o  the law typically imposes clean-up responsibility and liability
            regardless of whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the
            contamination;
         o  even if more than one person may be responsible for the
            contamination, each person who shares legal liability under the
            environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up
            costs; and
         o  governmental entities or other third parties may sue the owner or
            operator of a contaminated site for damages and costs.

         These costs could be substantial and in extreme cases could exceed the
value of the contaminated property. The presence of hazardous or toxic
substances or petroleum products and the failure to remediate that contamination
properly may materially and adversely affect our ability to borrow against, sell
or rent an affected property. In addition, applicable environmental laws create
liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it
incurs in connection with a contamination.

We may face risks related to mold and asbestos

         Recently, there has been an increasing number of lawsuits against
owners and managers of properties alleging personal injury and property damage
caused by the presence of mold in real estate.

         Some of these lawsuits have resulted in substantial monetary judgments
or settlements. Although our insurance policy currently does not exclude
mold-related claims, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to
obtain coverage in the future for those claims at a commercially reasonable
price or at all. The presence of significant mold could expose us to liability
to tenants and others if allegations regarding property damage, health concerns
or similar claims arise.

         Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of
asbestos. Those laws require that owners or operators of buildings containing
asbestos:

         o  properly manage and maintain the asbestos;
         o  notify and train those who may come into contact with asbestos; and
                                        5
<PAGE>
         o  undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement,
            if asbestos would be disturbed during renovation or demolition of a
            building.

         Those laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or
operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow others to
seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with
exposure to asbestos fibers.

We face risks in complying with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

         To comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we must
furnish a report by our management on our internal controls over financial
reporting with our annual report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ending
December 31, 2007. The report will contain, among other matters, an assessment
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the
end of that fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal
control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include
disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. Material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting is
defined as "a significant deficiency, or a combination of significant
deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material
misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected." The report will also contain a statement that our auditors have
issued an attestation report on management's assessment of our internal
controls.

         Testing of our internal controls will begin no later than the second
quarter of fiscal 2007. This testing will include documenting our procedures and
an analysis of the segregation of duties. In the course of our evaluation and
testing of internal controls, we may identify areas for improvement in the
documentation, design and effectiveness of our internal controls, and these
areas of improvement may be material. We may elect or be required to disclose
those weaknesses before we have remediated them. We cannot assure you that we
will not discover material weaknesses in the course of our testing and be
required to disclose them. Given the risks inherent in the design and operation
of internal controls over financial reporting, we can provide no assurance
regarding our conclusions, or regarding the conclusions of our independent
auditor, as of December 31, 2007 with respect to the effectiveness of our
internal controls over financial reporting.

Failure to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act or other similar laws
could result in substantial costs

         A number of federal, state and local laws and regulations (including
the Americans with Disabilities Act) may require modifications to existing
buildings or restrict certain renovations by requiring improved access to such
buildings by disabled persons and may require other structural features that add
to the cost of buildings under construction. Legislation or regulations adopted
in the future may impose further burdens or restrictions on us with respect to
improved access by disabled persons. The costs of compliance with these laws and
regulations may be substantial, and restrictions on construction or completion
of renovations may limit implementation of our investment strategy in certain
instances or reduce overall returns on our investments, which could have a
material adverse effect on us and our ability to pay distributions to investors
and to pay amounts due on our debt.

                               Risks for Investors

We do not pay regular distributions, and we do not anticipate making any
                                        6
<PAGE>
distributions to investors for the indefinite future, other than in the winding
down of the Partnership

         Unlike other Partnerships that pay regular distributions, we have not
paid regular distributions, and we presently have no plans to pay regular
distributions. Since 2001, we have paid distributions only out of the proceeds
of property sales as a result of the winding down of the Partnership.

ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.
- -------- --------------------------

         None.

ITEM 2:  PROPERTIES
- -------  ----------

         The Research Triangle Industrial Park Joint Venture owns a 117,000
square foot office/warehouse distribution building in Raleigh, North Carolina.
The building has been 100% occupied for several years. The tenant, whose lease
expires on June 30, 2006, has notified the joint venture that it intends to
vacate the facility upon expiration of the lease. The first mortgage loan on the
property had a balance of $4,833,899 at December 31, 2005.

ITEM 3:  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
- -------  -----------------

         As previously reported, the Partnership, as a nominal defendant, the
General Partners of the Partnership and of affiliated public partnerships, (the
"Realmark Partnerships") and the officers and directors of the Corporate General
Partner, as defendants, had been involved in a class action litigation at the
state court level regarding the payment of fees and other management issues.

         On August 29, 2001, the parties entered into a Stipulation of
Settlement (the "Settlement"). On October 4, 2001, the Court issued an "Order
Preliminary Approving Settlement" (the "Hearing Order") and on November 29,
2001, the court issued an "Order and Final Judgment Approving Settlement and
Awarding Fees and Expenses" and dismissing the complaints with predjudice. The
Settlement provided, among other things, that:

         o  The payable to the general partners and/or their affiliates by the
            Realmark Property Investors Limited Partnership VI-A at March 31,
            2001, in the amount of $481,598, cease to accrue interest.
         o  All of the Realmark Partnerships' properties be disposed of. The
            general partners will continue to have primary authority to dispose
            of the Partnerships' properties. If either (i) the general partners
            have not sold or contracted to sell 50% of the Partnerships'
            properties (by value) by April 2, 2002 or (ii) the general partners
            have not sold or contracted to sell 100% of the Partnerships'
            properties by September 29, 2002, then the primary authority to
            dispose of the Partnerships' properties will pass to a sales agent
            designated by plaintiffs' counsel and approved by the Court. On
            October 4, 2002, the Court appointed a sales agent to work with the
            general partners to continue to sell the Partnership's remaining
            properties.

         The settlement also provided for the payment by the Partnerships of
fees to the plaintiffs' attorneys. These payments, which are not calculable at
this time but may be significant, are payable out of the proceeds from the sale
of all of the properties owned by all of the Realmark Partnerships, following
the sale of the last of these properties in each partnership. Plaintiffs'
counsel will receive 15% of the amount by which the sales proceeds distributable
                                        7
<PAGE>
to limited partners in each partnership exceeds the value of the limited
partnership units in each partnership (based on the weighted average of the
units' trading prices on the secondary market as reported by Partnership
Spectrum for the period May through June 2001). In no event may the increase on
which the fees are calculated exceed 100% of the market value of the units as
calculated above.

ITEM 4:  SUBMISSIONS OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
- -------  ----------------------------------------------------

         None.


















































                                       8
<PAGE>
                                     PART II
                                     -------

ITEM 5:  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S UNITS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTEREST
- -------  -------------------------------------------------------------

         There is currently no active trading market for the units of limited
partnership interest of the Partnership and it is not anticipated that any will
develop in the future. Accordingly, information as to the market value of a unit
at any given date is not available. As of December 31, 2005, there were 1,614
record holders of units of limited partnership interest.

         The Partnership is a limited partnership and, accordingly, does not pay
dividends. It does, however, make distributions of cash to its partners. The
partnership agreement provides for the distribution to the partners of net cash
flow from operations. In connection with the pending sale of the Partnership's
properties (Item 3), it is anticipated that there will be no future
distributions of net cash flow from operations. All future distributions of net
cash from sales proceeds will be distributed, to the extent available, 100% to
the limited partners until there has been a return of the limited partner's
capital contribution plus an amount sufficient to provide a 7%, not compounded,
return on their adjusted capital contributions for all years following the
termination of the offering of the units. It is anticipated that there will not
be sufficient cash flow from the sale of the Partnership's remaining properties
to provide this return to the limited partners. There were no distributions to
partners made in 2005. In 2004 and 2003, the Partnership distributed $829,122
and $2,500,000, respectively, to the limited partners.


         The gain on the sale of the properties will be allocated in the same
proportions as distributions of distributable cash from sale proceeds
(anticipated to be 100% to the limited partners). In the event there is no
distributable cash from sale proceeds, taxable income will be allocated 87% to
the limited partners and 13% to the general partners. Any tax loss arising from
a sale will be allocated 97% to the limited partners and 3% to the general
partners. The above is subject to tax laws that were applicable at the time of
the formation of the Partnership and may be adjusted due to subsequent changes
in the Internal Revenue Code.























                                        9
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
- ------- -----------------------

                                                          At or for the years ended December 31,
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         2005              2004             2003            2002             2001
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>                      <C>            <C>              <C>            <C>
BALANCE SHEET DATA
Net rental property                $             -                 -                -       8,073,296      12,905,193
Total assets                                81,743           199,801        1,280,856       9,196,400      13,826,176
Mortgage loans payable                           -                 -                -       6,337,228      11,661,131
Partners' equity (deficit)                 197,872           158,304        1,091,827         791,467         (26,884)
                                   =====================================================================================
OPERATING DATA
Rental income                                    -                 -        1,529,090       3,250,092       3,935,066
Other income                                 6,855            12,669          253,117         320,936         279,387
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenue                                6,855            12,669        1,782,207       3,571,028       4,214,453
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property operating costs                         -           134,343        1,309,329       2,948,185       2,975,319
Interest expense                                 -                 -          470,866       1,039,007       1,129,347
Administrative expenses                    120,792            75,005          442,584         696,913         831,885
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total expenses                             120,792           209,348        2,222,779       4,684,105       4,936,551
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Loss before gain on sale of
  properties and equity in joint
  venture operations                      (113,937)         (196,679)        (440,572)     (1,113,077)       (722,098)
Gain on sale of properties                       -                 -        3,108,929       1,797,168               -
Equity in joint venture operations         153,505            92,278          132,003         134,260          52,893
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                  $        39,568          (104,401)       2,800,360         818,351        (669,205)
                                   =====================================================================================
CASH FLOW DATA
Net cash provided (used) by:
Operating activities                       (55,377)         (253,094)      (1,843,939)       (860,011)        (63,983)
Investing activities                             -                 -       11,635,414       6,381,641         103,443
Financing activities                             -          (829,122)      (8,837,228)     (5,323,903)       (122,526)
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in
cash and equivalents               $       (55,377)       (1,082,216)         954,247         197,727         (83,066)
                                   =====================================================================================
PER LIMITED PARTNERSHIP UNIT:
Net income (loss)                  $          0.24             (0.64)           17.85            3.90           (4.10)
Distributions                      $             -              5.27            15.89               -               -
                                   =====================================================================================
</TABLE>
















                                        10
<PAGE>
ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
- ------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
        OF OPERATIONS
        -------------

Liquidity and Capital Resources
- -------------------------------

         Effective January 1, 2001, the Partnership began formally marketing all
of its properties for sale. On June 30, 2003, the Partnership sold Pomeroy Park
Apartments to an unaffiliated entity for cash of $4,000,000. After satisfaction
of the $1,795,000 mortgage loan on the property, payment of closing costs, and
the payment of a $150,000 termination fee, the net gain amounted to
approximately $1,000,000. On July 31, 2003, the Partnership sold Inducon
Columbia to an unaffiliated entity for cash of $3,150,000, resulting in a net
loss of approximately $150,000. On December 17, 2003, the Partnership sold
Stonegate Townhouses to an unaffiliated entity for cash of $5,150,000. After
satisfaction of the $2,507,000 mortgage loan on the property and payment of
closing costs, the net gain amounted to approximately $2,200,000. The sales
proceeds enabled the Partnership to make a distribution to the limited partners
in the last quarter of 2004 and 2003 in the amount of $829,122 and $2,500,000,
respectively. There was no distribution in 2005. In accordance with the
settlement of the lawsuit (Item 3) it is anticipated that with the sale of the
remaining joint venture, the Partnership may be in a position to make
distributions to the limited partners. These distributions will be reduced by
the amount of fees payable to the plaintiffs' legal counsel in connection with
the settlement agreement (Item 3), any outstanding liabilities and any mortgage
prepayment penalties incurred with regard to the sale of the Partnership's joint
venture.

         Limited partners should be aware that it is possible that they will
receive an allocation of income from gain on sale of properties on which they
will be required to pay income taxes and there is no assurance that
distributions from the sale of the properties will be sufficient to satisfy
these obligations.

         Except as described above and in the consolidated financial statements,
the general partner is not aware of any trends or events, commitments or
uncertainties that may impact liquidity in a material way.

Results of Operations:
- ----------------------

         As a result of the sale of its remaining wholly-owned properties, the
Partnership's rental operations ceased in 2003. Operations for the year ended
December 31, 2005 primarily consisted of ownership of the joint investment,
administrative costs, and professional fees.

2005 as compared to 2004
- ------------------------

         As discussed above, the decrease in most components of the consolidated
statements of operations was a result of the remaining wholly-owned properties
being sold in 2003 and rental operations ceasing at the time of the sales. In
2004, property operations expense primarily represented payments for legal fees,
insurance costs and real estate taxes.

2004 as compared to 2003
- ------------------------

         As discussed above, the decrease in most components of the consolidated
                                       11
<PAGE>
statements of operations was a result of the remaining wholly-owned properties
being sold in 2003 and rental operations ceasing at the time of the sales.
Property operations expense primarily represented payments for legal fees,
insurance costs and real estate taxes.

Joint Venture
- -------------

         The Research Triangle Industrial Park Joint Venture experienced 100%
occupancy in 2005 and 2004. Its 2005 net income increased by approximately
$104,000 from the 2004 net income. Rental income increased approximately $12,000
due to a increase in quarterly common area maintenance fees. Other income
increased approximately $3,000 due to interest. Total expenses decreased
approximately 11% mainly due to consulting fees, legal fees, commissions from
the lease renewal and interest expense. Because the joint venture has had net
income during each of the last three years, the Partnership's 50% equity has
enabled the Partnership to receive a cash distribution from the Venture of
$72,000 in 2003. In 2005 and 2004, the Venture used cash from operations to
reduce long-term debt and outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses and
increase escrow deposits.

ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
- -------  ----------------------------------------------------------

         The Partnership invests only in short term money market instruments, in
amounts in excess of daily working cash requirements. The rates of earnings on
those investments increase or decrease in line with the general movement of
interest rates. The mortgage loans on the Partnership's properties are fixed
rate and therefore, are not subject to market risk.

ITEM 8:  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
- -------  -------------------------------------------

         Listed under Item 15 of this report.

ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
- ------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
        --------------------

         None.

ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
- -------- -----------------------

         The Partnership maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership
in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. Within the 90-day period
prior to the filing of this report, an evaluation was carried out under the
supervision and with the participation of the Partnership's management,
including the Partnership's Individual General Partner and Principal Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the Partnership's disclosure controls and
procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Partnership's Individual General
Partner and Principal Financial Officer concluded that the Partnership's
disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

         Subsequent to the date of their most recent evaluation, there have been
no significant changes in the Partnership's internal control over financial
                                       12
<PAGE>
reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect the internal
control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION
- -------- -----------------

         None.






















































                                       13
<PAGE>
                                    PART III
                                    --------

ITEM 10:  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
- --------  --------------------------------------------------

         The Partnership, as an entity, does not have any directors or officers.
The Individual General Partner of the Partnership is Joseph M. Jayson. The
directors and executive officers of Realmark Properties, Inc., the Partnership's
Corporate General Partner, as of December 31, 2005, are listed below. Each
director is subject to election on an annual basis.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          Title of All Positions Held with
Name                      the Corporate General Partner                Year First Elected to Position
- ----                      -----------------------------                ------------------------------
<S>                        <C>                                                         <C>
Joseph M. Jayson           Chairman of the Board, President                            1979
                             and Treasurer

Judith P. Jayson           Vice President and Director                                 1979
</TABLE>
         Joseph M. Jayson and Judith P. Jayson are married to each other.

         The Directors and Executive Officers of the Corporate General Partner
and their principal occupations and affiliations during the last five years or
more are as follows:

         Joseph M. Jayson, age 67, is Chairman, Director and sole stockholder of
J. M. Jayson and Company, Inc. and certain of its affiliated companies: U.S.
Apartments LLC, Westmoreland Capital Corporation, Oilmark Corporation and U.S.
Energy Development Corporation. In addition, Mr. Jayson is Chairman of Realmark
Corporation, Chairman, President and Treasurer of Realmark Properties, Inc.,
wholly-owned subsidiaries of J. M. Jayson and Company, Inc. and co-general
partner of Realmark Property Investors Limited Partnership, Realmark Property
Investors Limited Partnership-II, Realmark Property Investors Limited
Partnership-III, Realmark Property Investors Limited Partnership-IV, Realmark
Property Investors Limited Partnership-V, Realmark Property Investors Limited
Partnership-VI A, and Realmark Property Investors Limited Partnership-VI B. Mr.
Jayson has been in the real estate business for the last 43 years and is a
Certified Property Manager as designated by the Institute of Real Estate
Management ("I.R.E.M."). Mr. Jayson received a B.S. Degree in Education in 1961
from Indiana University, a Masters Degree from the University of Buffalo in
1963, and has served on the educational faculty of the Institute of Real Estate
Management. Mr. Jayson has for the last 43 years been engaged in various aspects
of real estate brokerage and investment. He brokered residential properties from
1962 to 1964, commercial investment properties from 1964 to 1967, and in 1967
left commercial real estate to form his own investment firm. Since that time,
Mr. Jayson and J. M. Jayson & Company, Inc. have formed or participated in
various ways with forming over 30 real estate related limited partnerships. For
the past 24 years, Mr. Jayson and an affiliate have also engaged in
developmental drilling for gas and oil.

         Judith P. Jayson, age 65, is currently Vice President and a Director of
Realmark Properties, Inc. She is also a Director of the property management
affiliate, Realmark Corporation. Mrs. Jayson has been involved in property
management for the last 34 years and has extensive experience in the hiring and
training of property management personnel and in directing, developing and
implementing property management systems and programs. Mrs. Jayson, prior to
joining the firm in 1973, taught business in the Buffalo, New York High School
                                       14
<PAGE>
System. Mrs. Jayson graduated from St. Mary of the Woods College in Terre Haute,
Indiana, with a degree in Business Administration.

Audit Committee
- ---------------

         The Partnership has a separately-designated standing audit committee
established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The
members of the audit committee are Joseph M. Jayson and Duane Neyman, CPA.

Audit Committee Financial Expert
- --------------------------------

         The Directors and Executive Officers of the Corporate General Partner
have determined that Duane Neyman, CPA is an audit committee financial expert as
defined by Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Mr. Neyman is not independent within the
meaning of Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A of the Exchange Act due to limited
circumstances, namely that the Partnership is small in size and there is limited
personnel. Mr. Neyman is not independent as a result of being an employee of an
affiliate of the Corporate General Partner.

Code of Ethics
- --------------

         The Partnership has adopted a code of ethics for the partners,
principal financial officer, and employees of the Corporate General Partner or
its affiliates who render services on behalf of the Partnership. The Partnership
will provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of the code of
ethics which is available from:

         Realmark Property Investors Limited Partnership - VIA
         Attention:  Investor Relations
         2350 North Forest Road
         Getzville, New York 14068

ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
- -------- ----------------------

         No direct remuneration was paid or payable by the Partnership to
directors and officers (since it has no directors or officers), nor was any
direct remuneration paid or payable by the Partnership to directors or officers
of Realmark Properties, Inc., the Corporate General Partner and sponsor, for the
year ended December 31, 2005. The Corporate General Partner and its affiliate,
Realmark Corporation, are entitled to fees and to certain expense reimbursements
with respect to Partnership operations, as set forth in Item 13 hereof and in
the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
- -------- --------------------------------------------------------------

         No person is known to the Partnership to own of record or beneficially,
more than 5% of the units of limited partnership interests of the Partnership,
except for affiliates of the general partners that own 10,288.6 units of limited
partnership interest amounting to approximately 6.5% of the Partnership interest
at December 31, 2005. The general partners and the executive officers of the
Corporate General Partners, as of December 31, 2005, owned 90 units of limited
partnership interest. The general partners and affiliates will receive their
proportionate share, as limited partners, of any distributable proceeds from the
sale of the properties.

                                       15
<PAGE>
ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
- -------- ----------------------------------------------

         The properties of the Partnership and its subsidiaries are managed
by Realmark Corporation, an affiliate of the Partnership's corporate general
partner, for a fee of generally 5% of annual net rental income of the
properties. Realmark Corporation and the Corporate General Partner are also
reimbursed for disbursements made on behalf of the Partnership. Those
transactions are further described, and quantified, in the note to the
consolidated financial statements entitled "Related Party Transactions."

ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
- -------- --------------------------------------

Audit Engagement: Toski, Schaefer & Co., P.C. was engaged as the Partnership's
independent auditor for years 2005 and 2004. All fees incurred for the years
ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 were approved by the Audit Committee.

Audit Fees: Audit fees for the audit of the Partnership's annual financial
statements included in the Partnership's annual report on Form 10-K and those
financial statements included in the Partnership's quarterly reports on Form
10-Q by Toski, Schaefer & Co., P.C. for the years ended December 31, 2005 and
2004 totaled $39,000 and $37,000, respectively.

Audit-Related Fees: None.

Tax Fees: The Partnership engaged Toski, Schaefer & Co., P.C. to provide tax
filing and compliance services during the years ended December 31, 2005 and
2004. The fees for these service amounted to $4,435 and $6,835, respectively.

All Other Fees: None.

         The Audit Committee has set a policy that all fees incurred by the
Partnership for services performed by its independent auditors must be
pre-approved by the Audit Committee. All fees related to 2005 were pre-approved
by the Audit Committee.

         The Audit Committee oversees the Partnership's financial reporting
process. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements
and the financial reporting process, including the systems of internal controls.
In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee reviewed the
audited financial statements with management, including a discussion of the
quality, not just the acceptability, of the accounting principles, the
reasonableness of significant judgments and the clarity of disclosures in the
financial statements.

         The Audit Committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate the
Partnership's independent auditors and approves all fees paid to the independent
auditors. During 2005 and 2004, the Audit Committee reviewed with the
independent auditors, who are responsible for expressing an opinion on the
conformity of those audited financial statements with generally accepted
accounting principles, their judgments as to the quality, not just the
acceptability, of the Partnership's accounting principles and such other matters
as are required to be discussed with the Audit Committee under generally
accepted auditing standards. In addition, the Audit Committee has discussed with
the independent auditors the auditors' independence from management and the
Partnership, including the matters in the written disclosures required by the
Independence Standards Board, and considered the scope and type of non-audit
services provided by the auditor when reviewing the compatibility of those
non-audit services with the auditors' independence.

                                       16
<PAGE>
         The Audit Committee discussed with the Partnership's independent
auditors the overall scope and plans for their audit. The Audit Committee meets
with the independent auditors to discuss the results of their examination, their
evaluations of the Partnership's internal controls, and the overall quality of
the Partnership's financial reporting.

         In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit
Committee recommended to the General Partners (and the General Partners have
approved) that the audited financial statements be included in the annual report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005.



















































                                       17
<PAGE>
                                     PART IV
                                     -------

ITEM 15: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES
- --------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(a)      Consolidated Financial Statements                                             Page
         ---------------------------------                                             ----
<S>      <C>                                                                            <C>
         Independent Auditor's Report                                                   F-1
         Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2005 and 2004                   F-2
         Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
           December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003                                             F-3
         Consolidated Statements of Partners' Equity for the years
           ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003                                       F-4
         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
           December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003                                             F-5
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                     F-6

         FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE
         ----------------------------

         (i) Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation                   F-14
</TABLE>
         All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the
         required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements
         or the notes thereto.

(b)      Exhibits
         --------

         2.   Plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation, or
              succession

              (a) Stipulation of Settlement Agreement dated August 29, 2001 is
                  incorporated herein by reference.

              (b) Order and Final Judgment Approving Settlement and Awarding
                  Fees and Expenses dated November 29, 2001 is incorporated
                  herein by reference.

         4.   Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including
              indentures.

              (a) Amended and Restated Certificate and Agreement of Limited
                  Partnership filed with the Registration Statement of the
                  Registrant Form S-11, filed September 30, 1987, and
                  subsequently amended, incorporated herein by reference.

         10.  Material contracts.

              (a) Property Management Agreement with Realmark Corporation
                  included with the Registration Statement, Form S-11, of the
                  Registrant as filed and amended to date, incorporated herein
                  by reference.

         14.  Code of Ethics filed December 31, 2003, is incorporated herein by
              reference.

                                       18
<PAGE>
         21.  Subsidiaries of the Partnership is filed herewith.

         31.  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to
              Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is filed herewith.

         32.  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted
              Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is
              filed herewith.





















































                                       19
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES
                                   ----------


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A


By:      /s/Joseph M. Jayson                                    March 31, 2006
         -------------------                                    --------------
         JOSEPH M. JAYSON,                                            Date
         Individual General Partner


         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


By:      REALMARK PROPERTIES, INC.
         Corporate General Partner

         /s/Joseph M. Jayson                                    March 31, 2006
         -------------------                                    --------------
         JOSEPH M. JAYSON,                                            Date
         President, Treasurer and Director


         /s/Judith P. Jayson                                    March 31, 2006
         -------------------                                    --------------
         JUDITH P. JAYSON,                                            Date
         Vice President and Director
























                                       20
<PAGE>
                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
                          ----------------------------

The Partners
Realmark Property Investors Limited
     Partnership - VI A:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Realmark
Property Investors Limited Partnership - VI A and Subsidiaries as of December
31, 2005 and 2004, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
partners' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2005. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule
listed in the index at Item 15. These consolidated financial statements and
financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the general partners. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements
and the financial statement schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The Partnership is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over
financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Realmark Property
Investors Limited Partnership - VI A and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005
and 2004, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2005, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also,
in our opinion, the financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to
the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material
respects the information set forth therein.

As discussed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Partnership
settled a class and derivative lawsuit in which it was involved. As a result of
this settlement, the Partnership is currently in the process of winding up its
operations and disposing of its investments. It is anticipated that this process
will take place within the next twelve months.


                                               /s/ TOSKI, SCHAEFER & CO., P.C.
                                               ------------------------------
                                               TOSKI, SCHAEFER & CO., P.C.


Williamsville, New York
March 31, 2006




                                       F-1
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets
                           December 31, 2005 and 2004



                           Assets                                                          2005         2004
                           ------                                                          ----         ----
<S>                                                                                      <C>            <C>
Cash and equivalents                                                                     $  76,743      132,120
Receivable from affiliated parties                                                              --       62,681
Other assets                                                                                 5,000        5,000
                                                                                         ---------    ---------

                           Total assets                                                  $  81,743      199,801
                                                                                         =========    =========


              Liabilities and Partners' Equity
              --------------------------------

Liabilities:
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                  35,911       47,823
     Payable to affiliated parties                                                           7,791           --
                                                                                         ---------    ---------

                           Total liabilities                                                43,702       47,823
                                                                                         ---------    ---------

Equity in gains of unconsolidated joint
     venture in excess of investment                                                      (159,831)      (6,326)

Partners' equity (deficit):
     General partners                                                                     (214,145)    (215,332)
     Limited partners                                                                      412,017      373,636
                                                                                         ---------    ---------

                           Total partners' equity                                          197,872      158,304
                                                                                         ---------    ---------

                           Total liabilities and partner's equity                        $  81,743      199,801
                                                                                         =========    =========
</TABLE>












          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-2
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      Consolidated Statements of Operations
                  Years Ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003



                                                                            2005           2004          2003
                                                                            ----           ----          ----
<S>                                                                       <C>           <C>            <C>
Income:
     Rental                                                               $       --            --     1,529,090
     Interest and other                                                        6,855        12,669       253,117
                                                                          ----------    ----------    ----------

                           Total income                                        6,855        12,669     1,782,207
                                                                          ----------    ----------    ----------
Expenses:
     Property operations                                                          --       134,343     1,309,329
     Interest:
         Affiliated parties                                                       --            --        53,242
         Other                                                                    --            --       417,624
     Administrative:
         Affiliate parties                                                    29,481        20,206       201,225
         Other                                                                91,311        54,799       241,359
                                                                          ----------    ----------    ----------

                           Total expenses                                    120,792       209,348     2,222,779
                                                                          ----------    ----------    ----------

Loss before gain on sale of properties and
     equity in earnings of joint ventures                                   (113,937)     (196,679)     (440,572)

Gain on sale of properties                                                        --            --     3,108,929

Equity in earnings of joint ventures                                         153,505        92,278       132,003
                                                                          ----------    ----------    ----------

                           Net income (loss)                              $   39,568      (104,401)    2,800,360
                                                                          ==========    ==========    ==========


Net income (loss) per limited partnership unit                            $     0.24         (0.64)        17.85
                                                                          ==========    ==========    ==========

Distributions per limited partnership unit                                $       --          5.27         15.89
                                                                          ==========    ==========    ==========

Weighted average number of limited partnership
     units outstanding                                                       157,378       157,378       157,378
                                                                          ==========    ==========    ==========
</TABLE>





          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-3
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Consolidated Statements of Partners' Equity
                  Years Ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003




                                                                       General        Limited Partners
                                                                       Partners     Units          Amount
                                                                       --------     -----          ------
<S>                                                                  <C>              <C>          <C>
Balances at December 31, 2002                                        $ (202,943)      157,378      994,410

Net income (loss)                                                        (9,257)           --    2,809,617

Distributions                                                                --            --   (2,500,000)
                                                                     ----------    ----------   ----------

Balances at December 31, 2003                                          (212,200)      157,378    1,304,027

Net loss                                                                 (3,132)           --     (101,269)

Distributions                                                                --            --     (829,122)
                                                                     ----------    ----------   ----------

Balances at December 31, 2004                                          (215,332)      157,378      373,636

Net income                                                                1,187            --       38,381
                                                                     ----------    ----------   ----------

Balances at December 31, 2005                                        $ (214,145)      157,378      412,017
                                                                     ==========    ==========   ==========
</TABLE>






















          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-4
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                  Years Ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003

                                                                                  2005            2004          2003
                                                                                  ----            ----          ----
<S>                                                                           <C>               <C>           <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
     Net income (loss)                                                        $    39,568       (104,401)     2,800,360
     Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to
         net cash used in operating activities:
              Amortization                                                             --             --         76,478
              Equity in earnings of joint ventures                               (153,505)       (92,278)      (132,003)
              Gain on sale of properties                                               --             --     (3,108,929)
Changes in:
                  Receivable from affiliated parties                               62,681        (62,681)            --
                  Escrow deposits                                                      --             --        122,193
                  Other assets                                                         --         61,520        (42,004)
                  Accounts payable and accrued expenses                           (11,912)       (30,846)      (182,744)
                  Accrued interest payable                                             --             --        (41,090)
                  Payable to affiliated parties                                     7,791        (24,408)    (1,317,403)
                  Security deposits and prepaid rents                                  --             --        (18,797)
                                                                              -----------    -----------    -----------
                           Net cash used in operating
                               activities                                         (55,377)      (253,094)    (1,843,939)
                                                                              -----------    -----------    -----------
Cash flows from investing activities:
     Proceeds from sale of properties                                                  --             --     11,221,312
     Payments on note receivable                                                       --             --        348,234
     Distributions received from joint venture                                         --             --         72,000
     Additions to property and equipment                                               --             --         (6,132)
                                                                              -----------    -----------    -----------
                           Net cash provided by investing
                               activities                                              --             --     11,635,414
                                                                              -----------    -----------    -----------
Cash flows from financing activities
     Principal payments on mortgage loans                                              --             --     (6,337,228)
     Distributions to partners                                                         --       (829,122)    (2,500,000)
                                                                              -----------    -----------    -----------
                           Net cash used in financing
                               activities                                              --       (829,122)    (8,837,228)
                                                                              -----------    -----------    -----------

Net increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents                                   (55,377)    (1,082,216)       954,247

Cash and equivalents at beginning of year                                         132,120      1,214,336        260,089
                                                                              -----------    -----------    -----------

Cash and equivalents at end of year                                           $    76,743        132,120      1,214,336
                                                                              ===========    ===========    ===========
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information -
     cash paid for interest                                                   $        --             --        443,767
                                                                              ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>
          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-5
<PAGE>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                        December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003


(1)  Formation and Operation of Partnership
- ---  --------------------------------------

     Realmark Property Investors Limited Partnership-VI A (the Partnership) is a
     Delaware limited partnership formed on September 21, 1987, to invest in a
     diversified portfolio of income-producing real estate investments.

     In 1987 and 1988, the Partnership sold, through a public offering, 157,378
     units of limited partnership interest, including 30 units held by an
     affiliate of the general partners, for $15,737,790. The general partners
     are Realmark Properties, Inc. (the Corporate General Partner) and Joseph M.
     Jayson (the Individual General Partner) who is the sole stockholder of J.M.
     Jayson & Company, Inc. Realmark Properties, Inc. is a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of J.M. Jayson & Company, Inc.

     Under the partnership agreement, the general partners and their affiliates
     can receive compensation for services rendered and reimbursement for
     expenses incurred on behalf of the Partnership (note 4).

(2)  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
- ---  ------------------------------------------

     (a) Basis of Accounting and Consolidation
     -----------------------------------------

         The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
         on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting
         principles generally accepted in the United States of America and
         include the accounts of the Partnership and its four subsidiaries, that
         are wholly-owned:

         (1)   Realmark - Columbia, LLC that owned Inducon-Columbia, a three
               building office complex in Columbia, South Carolina, which was
               sold in 2003.
         (2)   Realmark - Beaver, LLC that owned Beaver Creek, an 80-unit
               apartment complex located in Monaca, Pennsylvania, which was sold
               in 2002.
         (3)   Realmark - Countrybrook, LLC that owned Countrybrook Estates, a
               240-unit apartment complex located in Louisville, Kentucky, which
               was sold in 2002.
         (4)   Realmark - Stonegate, LLC that owned Stonegate, a 130-unit
               apartment complex located in Mobile, Alabama, which was sold in
               2003.

         The Partnership also owned a residential property, Pomeroy Park,
         which was sold in 2003.

         In consolidation, all intercompany accounts and transactions have been
         eliminated.

     (b) Estimates
     -------------

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
                                       F-6
<PAGE>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued


(2)  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued
- ---  -----------------------------------------------------

     (b) Estimates, Continued
     ------------------------

         accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
         and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures.
         Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates.

     (c) Property and Equipment
     --------------------------

         At December 31, 2005, the Partnership had an interest in a joint
         venture, as described in note 5. The Partnership reviews long-lived
         assets for impairments whenever events or changes in circumstances
         indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable.
         In determining whether there is an impairment of long-lived assets, the
         Partnership compares the sum of the expected future net cash flows
         (undiscounted and without interest charges) to the carrying amount of
         the assets. At December 31, 2005, no impairment in value has been
         recognized.

         The Partnership and its ventures' policy is to consider a property to
         be held for sale or disposition when the Partnership or venture has
         committed to a plan to sell or dispose of such property and active
         marketing activity has commenced or is expected to commence in the near
         term or the Partnership or venture has concluded that it may dispose of
         the property by no longer funding operating deficits or debt service
         requirements of the property thus allowing the lender to realize upon
         its security. Any properties identified as "held for sale or
         disposition" are no longer depreciated. All the properties were held
         for sale in 2005, 2004 and 2003. Depreciation expense not recorded in
         2003 amounted to $290,000.

     (d) Cash and Equivalents
     ------------------------

         Cash and equivalents include money market accounts and any highly
         liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or
         less.

     (e) Unconsolidated Joint Venture
     --------------------------------

         The Partnership's investment in Research Triangle Joint Venture is an
         unconsolidated joint venture which is accounted for on the equity
         method. This joint venture is not consolidated in the Partnership's
         financial statements because the Partnership is not the majority owner.

     (f) Rental Income
     -----------------

         Rental income is recognized as earned according to the terms of the
         leases. Leases for residential properties are generally for periods of
                                       F-7
<PAGE>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued


(2)  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued
- ---  -----------------------------------------------------

     (f) Rental Income, Continued
     ----------------------------

         one year or less, payable monthly. Commercial leases are generally for
         periods of one to five years. Delinquent residential property rent is
         not recorded.

     (g) Per Unit Data
     -----------------

         Per limited partnership unit data is based on the weighted average
         number of limited partnership units outstanding for the year.

     (h) Fair Value of Financial Instruments
     ---------------------------------------

         The fair value of the Partnership's financial instruments approximated
         their carrying values at December 31, 2005.

     (i) Income Allocation and Distributable Cash Flow
     -------------------------------------------------

         The partnership agreement provides that income not arising from sale
         and refinancing activities and all partnership losses are to be
         allocated 97% to the limited partners and 3% to the general partners.
         Partnership income arising from sale or refinancing activities is
         allocated in the same proportion as distributions or distributable cash
         from sale proceeds. In the event there is no distributable cash from
         sale proceeds, taxable income will be allocated 87% to the limited
         partners and 13% to the general partners. The above is subject to tax
         laws that were applicable at the time of the formation of the
         Partnership and may be adjusted due to subsequent changes in the
         Internal Revenue Code.

         The partnership agreement also provides for the distribution to the
         partners of net cash flow from operations. In connection with the
         pending sale of the Partnership's properties (note 6), it is
         anticipated that there will be no future distributions of net cash flow
         from operations. Sale or refinancing proceeds are distributed to the
         extent available, 100% to the limited partners until there has been a
         return of the limited partner's capital contribution plus an amount
         sufficient to provide a 7%, not compounded, return on their adjusted
         capital contributions for all years following the termination of the
         offering of the units. It is anticipated that there will not be
         sufficient cash flow from the sale of the Partnership's remaining
         properties to provide this return to the limited partners. There were
         no distributions to partners made in 2005. Distributions amounting to
         $829,122 and $2,500,000 were made in 2004 and 2003, respectively.

                                       F-8
<PAGE>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued


(2)  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued
- ---  -----------------------------------------------------

     (j) Income Taxes
     ----------------

         No income taxes are included in the consolidated financial statements
         since the taxable income or loss of the Partnership is reportable by
         the partners on their income tax returns. At December 31, 2005, there
         was no difference in the tax bases of the net assets.

     (k) Segment Information
     -----------------------

         The Partnership's operating segments all involve the ownership and
         operation of income-producing real property, and are aggregated into
         one reporting segment.

     (l) Recent Pronouncements
     -------------------------

         In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154, "Accounting Changes and
         Error Corrections - A Replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB
         Statement No. 3" ("SFAS No. 154"). SFAS No. 154 requires the
         retrospective application to prior periods' financial statements of
         changes in accounting principle, unless it is impracticable to
         determine either the period-specific effects or cumulative effect of
         the accounting change. SFAS No. 154 also requires that a change in
         depreciation, amortization, or depletion method for long-lived
         non-financial assets be accounted for as a change in accounting
         estimate affected by a change in accounting principle. SFAS No. 154 is
         effective for accounting changes and corrections of errors made in
         fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2005 and the Partnership will
         adopt this provision, as applicable, during fiscal year 2006.
         Management anticipates that the adoption of SFAS No. 154 will have no
         effect on its financial statements.

(3)  Investments in Real Estate
- ---  --------------------------

     On January 1, 2002, the Partnership adopted SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for
     the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." SFAS No. 144 establishes
     the accounting and reporting standards for the impairment or disposal of
     long-lived assets by requiring those assets to be measured at the lower of
     depreciated cost or fair value less selling costs, whether reported on
     continuing operations or in discontinued operations. The adoption of this
     standard did not have a material effect on the Partnership's consolidated
     financial position or results of operations for the year ended December 31,
     2002.

     On December 17, 2003, the Partnership sold Stonegate Townhouses to an
     unaffiliated entity for $5,150,000 and recognized a related gain on the
     sale amounting to $2,218,212.

                                       F-9
<PAGE>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued

(3)  Investments in Real Estate, Continued
- ---  -------------------------------------

     On July 31, 2003, the Partnership sold Inducon Columbia to an unaffiliated
     entity for $3,150,000 and recognized a related loss on the sale amounting
     to $148,695.

     On June 30, 2003, the Partnership sold Pomeroy Park Apartments to an
     unaffiliated entity for $4,000,000 and recognized a related gain on the
     sale amounting to $1,039,412.

     All of the properties were classified as property held for sale prior to
     the adoption of SFAS No. 144 and continued to be actively marketed for
     sale. Accordingly, their results of operations have been recorded in
     continuing operations.

(4)  Related Party Transactions
- ---  --------------------------

     The Corporate General Partner and its affiliates earn fees, principally for
     property and partnership management and are reimbursed for services
     rendered to the Partnership, as provided for in the partnership agreement.
     A summary of those items follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         2005         2004        2003
                                                                         ----         ----        ----
<S>                                                                   <C>             <C>        <C>
         Property management fees based on a percent-
           age (generally 5%) of rental income                        $        -          -      79,745

         Reimbursement for cost of services to the
           Partnership that include investor relations,
           marketing of properties, professional fees,
           communications, supplies, accounting,
           printing, postage and other items                              29,481     20,206     121,480
                                                                      ----------     ------     -------

                                                                      $   29,481     20,206     201,225
                                                                      ==========     ======     =======
</TABLE>
     In addition to the above, other properties specific expenses such as
     payroll, benefits, etc. are charged to property operations on the
     Partnership's consolidated statements of operations. On January 1, 2005,
     the interest rate on related party transactions was adjusted from 11% to
     8%. Receivables from and payables to affiliated parties are due on demand
     and bear interest at 8% in 2005 and 11% in 2004.

     Property Disposition Fees
     -------------------------

     The general partners are also allowed to collect a property disposition fee
     upon sale of acquired properties. This fee is not to exceed the lesser of
     50% of amounts customarily charged in arm's-length transactions by others
     rendering similar services for comparable properties or 3% of the sales
     price. The property disposition fee is subordinate to payments to the
                                      F-10
<PAGE>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued

(4)  Related Party Transactions, Continued
- ---  -------------------------------------

     Property Disposition Fees, Continued
     ------------------------------------

     limited partners of a cumulative annual return (not compounded) equal to 7%
     of their average adjusted capital balances and to repayment to the limited
     partners of an amount equal to their original capital contributions. Since
     these conditions described above have not been met, no disposition fees
     have been paid or accrued on properties sold in prior years.

     Distributions
     -------------

     U.S. Apartments, LLC, is an affiliated company in which the Individual
     General Partner of Realmark Property Investors Limited Partnership - VIA is
     the sole member. U.S. Apartments, LLC owns 9,811.1 units of limited
     partnership interest and received its proportionate share of distributable
     proceeds amounting to $50,138 and $155,853 in 2004 and 2003, respectively,
     from the sale of properties (note 3).

(5)  Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Venture
- ---  ------------------------------------------

     The Partnership has a 50% interest in a joint venture with Realmark
     Property Investors Limited Partnership - II (RPILP - II), an entity
     affiliated through common general partners. The Venture owns and operates
     the Research Triangle Industrial Park West, an office/warehouse facility
     located in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. The joint venture
     agreement provides that any income, loss, gain, cash flow, or sale proceeds
     be allocated 50% to the Partnership and 50% to RPILP - II.

     The Research Triangle Industrial Park West facility has been 100% occupied
     by one tenant for several years. The tenant, whose lease expires on June
     30, 2006, has notified the joint venture that it intends to vacate the
     facility upon the expiration of the lease.


















                                      F-11
<PAGE>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued


(5)  Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Venture, Continued
- ---  -----------------------------------------------------

     Summary financial information for the Venture follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            Balance Sheet Information
                            -------------------------
                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                                            ------------
              Assets                                                                    2005           2004
              ------                                                                    ----           ----
<S>                                                                                  <C>             <C>
Property, net of accumulated depreciation                                            $ 1,737,281      1,737,281
Cash and equivalents                                                                      27,156             --
Escrow deposits                                                                          780,049        731,672
Other assets                                                                             299,428        241,414
                                                                                     -----------    -----------

                      Total assets                                                   $ 2,843,914      2,710,367
                                                                                     ===========    ===========

         Liabilities and Partners' Deficit
         ---------------------------------

Liabilities:
    Mortgage loan payable                                                              4,833,899      4,952,588
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                 22,030         76,804
                                                                                     -----------    -----------

                      Total liabilities                                                4,855,929      5,029,392
                                                                                     -----------    -----------

Partners' deficit:
    The Partnership                                                                   (1,105,423)    (1,258,928)
    RPILP - II                                                                          (906,592)    (1,060,097)
                                                                                     -----------    -----------

                      Total partners' deficit                                         (2,012,015)    (2,319,025)
                                                                                     -----------    -----------

                      Total liabilities and partners' deficit                        $ 2,843,914      2,710,367
                                                                                     ===========    ===========
</TABLE>











                                      F-12
<PAGE>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued

(5)  Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Venture, Continued
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              Operating Information
                              ---------------------

                                                                               Years ended December 31,
                                                                               ------------------------
                                                                         2005           2004          2003
                                                                         ----           ----          ----
<S>                                                                    <C>             <C>            <C>
Income:
    Rental                                                             $988,564        976,950        984,634
    Other                                                                 5,215          1,772          2,231
                                                                       --------       --------       --------

                      Total income                                      993,779        978,722        986,865
                                                                       --------       --------       --------
Expenses:
    Property operations                                                 201,853        254,302        201,803
    Interest                                                            404,365        418,830        427,613
    Administrative:
         Affiliated parties                                              56,845         58,617         59,078
         Other                                                           23,706         44,017         15,965
                                                                       --------       --------       --------

                      Total expenses                                    686,769        775,766        704,459
                                                                       --------       --------       --------

                      Net income                                       $307,010        202,956        282,406
                                                                       ========       ========       ========

Allocation of net income:
    The Partnership                                                     153,505        101,478        141,203
    RPILP - II                                                          153,505        101,478        141,203
                                                                       --------       --------       --------

                      Total                                            $307,010        202,956        282,406
                                                                       ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>
     A reconciliation of the Partnership's investment in the Research Triangle
     Joint Venture is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      2005           2004         2003
                                                                      ----           ----         ----
<S>                                                                 <C>            <C>          <C>
Investment in joint venture at beginning of year                    $  6,326       (85,952)     (145,955)
Distributions from joint venture                                          --            --       (72,000)
Amortization of excess purchase price                                     --        (9,200)       (9,200)
Allocation of net income                                             153,505       101,478       141,203
                                                                    --------      --------      --------
Gains (losses) in excess of investment in joint
    venture at end of year                                          $159,831         6,326       (85,952)
                                                                    ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>
                                      F-13
<PAGE>
             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued

(6)  Settlement of Lawsuit
- ---  ---------------------

     As previously reported, the Partnership, as a nominal defendant, the
     general partners of the Partnership and of affiliated public partnerships
     (the "Realmark Partnerships") and the officers and directors of the
     Corporate General Partner, as defendants, had been involved in a class
     action litigation at the state court level regarding the payment of fees
     and other management issues.

     On August 29, 2001, the parties entered into a Stipulation of Settlement
     (the "Settlement"). On October 4, 2001, the Court issued an "Order
     Preliminarily Approving Settlement" (the "Hearing Order") and on November
     29, 2001, the court issued an "Order and Final Judgment Approving
     Settlement and Awarding Fees and Expenses" and dismissing the complaints
     with predjudice. The Settlement provided, among other things, that:

     o    The payable to the general partners and/or their affiliates by
          Realmark Property Investors Limited Partnership - VI A at March 31,
          2001, in the amount of $481,598, cease to accrue interest.
     o    All of the Realmark Partnerships' properties be disposed of. The
          general partners will continue to have primary authority to dispose of
          the Partnerships' properties. If either (i) the general partners have
          not sold or contracted to sell 50% of the Partnerships' properties (by
          value) by April 2, 2002 or (ii) the general partners have not sold or
          contracted to sell 100% of the Partnerships' properties by September
          29, 2002, then the primary authority to dispose of the Partnerships'
          properties will pass to a sales agent designated by plaintiffs'
          counsel and approved by the Court. On October 4, 2002, the Court
          appointed a sales agent to work with the general partners to continue
          to sell the Partnerships' remaining properties.

     The settlement also provided for the payment by the Partnerships of fees to
     the plaintiffs' attorneys. These payments, which are not calculable at this
     time but may be significant, are payable out of the proceeds from the sale
     of all of the properties owned by all of the Realmark Partnerships,
     following the sale of the last of these properties in each partnership.
     Plaintiffs' counsel will receive 15% of the amount by which the sales
     proceeds distributable to limited partners in each partnership exceeds the
     value of the limited partnership units in each partnership (based on the
     weighted average of the units' trading prices on the secondary market as
     reported by Partnership Spectrum for the period May through June 2001). In
     no event may the increase on which the fees are calculated exceed 100% of
     the market value of the units as calculated above.












                                      F-14
<PAGE>
                                  Schedule III
                                  ------------

             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                    Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
                                December 31, 2005





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                          Gross amounts at which
                                   Initial Cost to         Cost         Carried at Close of period
                                      Partnership      capitalized      --------------------------
 Property                        -------------------  subsequent to          Buildings and              Accumulated
Description      Encumbrances     Land     Buildings   acquisition    Land    improvements     Total    depreciation
- -----------      ------------     ----     ---------   -----------    ----    ------------     -----    ------------
<S>              <C>            <C>        <C>            <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>
Research
Triangle JV
Raleigh, NC      $ 4,833,899    338,112    4,920,738      220,216    338,112    5,193,980    5,532,092    3,794,811
                 ===========    =======    =========      =======    =======    =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>
(RESTUBBED TABLE)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Life
                                                   on which
                                                 depreciation
                                                   in latest
                             Date                 statement of
 Property                     of         Date      operations
Description              construction  acquired   is computed
- -----------              ------------  --------   -----------
<S>                          <C>         <C>      <C>
Research
Triangle JV
Raleigh, NC                  1983        8/92          - *
                             ====        ====         ====
</TABLE>
*In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, no
depreciation was recorded during the disposal period, January 1, 2001 through
December 31, 2005.











                                      F-15
<PAGE>
                               Schedule III, Cont.
                               -------------------

             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A

                    Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
                        December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003


(1)  Cost for Federal income tax purposes - none.

(2)  A reconciliation of the carrying amount of land and buildings as of
     December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Partnership Properties
                                                                                 ----------------------
                                                                         2005             2004              2003
                                                                         ----             ----              ----
<S>      <C>                                                        <C>                                  <C>
         Balance at beginning of year                               $           -               -        12,527,712
         Additions                                                              -               -             6,132
         Dispositions (5)                                                       -               -       (12,533,844)
                                                                    -------------    ------------       -----------
         Balance at end of year                                     $           -               -                 -
                                                                    =============    ============       ===========
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Joint Venture Properties
                                                                                 ------------------------
                                                                        2005              2004              2003
                                                                        ----              ----              ----
<S>      <C>                                                        <C>                 <C>               <C>
         Balance at beginning of year                               $  5,532,092        5,479,066         5,268,179
         Additions                                                             -           53,026           210,887
                                                                    ------------      -----------        ----------
         Balance at end of year                                     $  5,532,092        5,532,092         5,479,066
                                                                    ============      ===========        ==========
</TABLE>
(3)  A reconciliation of accumulated depreciation for the years ended December
     31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Partnership Properties
                                                                                 ----------------------
                                                                         2005             2004              2003
                                                                         ----             ----              ----
<S>      <C>                                                        <C>               <C>                 <C>
         Balance at beginning of year                               $           -               -         4,456,759
         Dispositions (5)                                                       -               -        (4,456,759)
                                                                    -------------     -----------       -----------
         Balance at end of year (4)                                 $           -               -                 -
                                                                    =============     ===========       ===========
</TABLE>






                                      F-16
<PAGE>
                               Schedule III, Cont.
                               -------------------

             REALMARK PROPERTY INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - VI A

                    Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
                        December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Joint Venture Properties
                                                                                 ------------------------
                                                                       2005               2004              2003
                                                                       ----               ----              ----
<S>      <C>                                                        <C>                 <C>               <C>
         Balance at beginning and end of year (4)                   $  3,794,811        3,794,811         3,794,811
                                                                    ============       ==========       ===========
</TABLE>
(4)  Balance applies entirely to buildings and improvements.

(5)  Sale of Stonegate Townhouses, Inducon Columbia, and Pomeroy Park Apartments
     in 2003.







































                                      F-17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex-21.txt
<TEXT>
                                   EXHIBIT 21
                                   ----------

                         SUBSIDIARIES OF THE PARTNERSHIP




Name                                                    State of Formation
- ----                                                    ------------------

Realmark - Beaver, LLC                                      New York
Realmark - Countrybrook, LLC                                New York
Realmark - Inducon Columbia, LLC                            New York
Realmark - Stonegate, LLC                                   New York





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex-31.txt
<TEXT>
                                   EXHIBIT 31
                                   ----------

              CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a), AS ADOPTED
           PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Joseph M Jayson, Individual General Partner and Principal Financial Officer
of Realmark Property Investors Limited Partnership - VI A, hereby certify that:

     1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Realmark Property
          Investors Limited Partnership - VI A;

     2.   Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
          statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
          necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
          under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
          the period covered by this annual report;

     3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
          information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
          material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
          cash flows of the Partnership as of, and for, the periods presented in
          this annual report;

     4.   I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
          and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
          15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
          in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Partnership and
          I have:

          a.   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
               disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my
               supervision, to ensure the material information relating to the
               Partnership, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known
               to me by others within those entities, particularly during the
               period in which this annual report is being prepared;

          b.   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
               caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
               designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
               regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
               preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
               accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

          c.   Evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership's disclosure
               controls and procedures and presented in this report our
               conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
               and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
               report based on such evaluation; and

          d.   Disclosed in this report any change in the Partnership's internal
               control over financial reporting that occurred during the
               Partnership's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
               affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
               Partnership's internal control over financial reporting; and

     5.   I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
          control over financial reporting, to the Partnership's auditors and
          the audit committee of the board of directors (or persons performing
          the equivalent function):
<PAGE>
          a.   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
               design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
               which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Partnership's
               ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
               information; and

          b.   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
               other employees who have a significant role in the Partnership's
               internal control over financial reporting.

March 31, 2006                                /s/ Joseph M. Jayson
- --------------                                --------------------
      Date                                    Joseph M. Jayson
                                              Individual General Partner and
                                              Principal Financial Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex-32.txt
<TEXT>
                                   EXHIBIT 32
                                   ----------

          CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
           PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


     The certification set forth below is hereby made solely for the purpose of
satisfying the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
may not be relied upon or used for any other purposes.

     In connection with the Annual Report of Realmark Property Investors Limited
Partnership - VI A (the "Partnership") on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2005, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the "Report"), I, Joseph M. Jayson, Individual General Partner and
Principal Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge:

     1.   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

     2.   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
          of the Partnership.




     March 31, 2006                              /s/ Joseph M. Jayson
     --------------                              --------------------
           Date                                  Joseph M. Jayson
                                                 Individual General Partner and
                                                 Principal Financial Officer




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
